<h5>Where on earth do I start?

I suppose it’s with a lot of thank-you’s.

When I started this project I knew it would be difficult, the creative bucket is not always full and that makes some of the stories difficult to write. I lost count of the amount of times I got halfway through and then discarded the whole thing to start again on a different one.

I have a notebook half full of partially started stories and half-baked ideas ready for the next time my creativity gets the better of me, but that isn’t happening just yet, I need a break from this.

I based some of my characters on family and friends, purely because some of the things that they have done in real life make the characters better than I could have imagined on my own.

Firstly I would like to thank Emma for the inspiration for “Detention”, I used to think I was a pyromaniac, but she really does take the biscuit.
Russell is the best/worst salesman I know, he could persuade the residents of Atlantis that they needed more water.
Georgia and Emilia P., two of the nicest kids that you would ever want meet. If Georgia ever offers you a game of chess, just make sure you are not using Georgia P rules first. You will never win.
And of course, I used my family as inspiration for more than one story, so thanks to Poppy and Bella.

I would also like to say a big thank you to the people who were asked (probably against their will) to read and critique all of the stories on this website (it was supposed to be a book, but that never happened). That means you Poppy, Bella, Emma, Phil, Si, Marie and of course my wife Vicki. You know I don’t do grammar and you insist that my favourite punctuation is a comma but you persevered and together we came through.

I would also like to say a big thank you to Copilot (other AI tools are available) for illustrating this collection of stories and bring them to life in ways that I could not, you really do have skillz!! - but you can’t spell. For those who know, we are a little way from ‘Skynet’ at the moment.

and thanks to to the BBC, Chris Evans and whoever came up with the idea for the original 500 word competition, It’s a great learning opportunity and great outlet for children’s stories.

And to you lovely readers who like to have your imagination tweaked, tickled, shocked and surprised in equal measure, thank you from the bottom of my heart, you’re a lovely lot.


</h5>

