<h5>I’ve wanted to write a book for years. I’ve started many times and not really got past the first chapter. I often thought that I wasn’t cut out for it, but I persevered. I got some of Rory’s story cubes, and these helped, but I wanted to write a novel, and I can’t seem to make them work for that. Maybe I’ll revisit them another day.

Then I heard of a 500-word competition on BBC radio. It's a really simple concept aimed at young writers between the ages of 5 and 13. The only hard and fast rule is that the story must not be any longer than 500 words.

And you know what? Writing 500-word stories is hard. You’ve got to describe the scene in about 6 words, describe the characters in 10, explain what the plot is all about,  and then come up with a finale.

These stories were the start of my attempt at writing a short story every day for 2020, intending to make them all exactly 500 words (even this foreword), including titles and notes. But in the interest of keeping you interested, I decided 50-60 was better all round.

I was never really any good at English, my teacher, Mrs Wild, was fab, but I was always better at taking stuff apart than being a literary maestro, my punctuation and grammar leave a lot to be desired, and my spelling is only good because of spell check, that is why I had friends and family proofread everything I wrote. I started by asking them to check the story to make sure that it was aimed at the right level. I wanted to target the same group of people that the competition was aimed at. Don’t worry, I’ll thank them all in the acknowledgement section later.

I hope you find that the good thing about this website is that each story is a story in its own right, some link together and you’ll find some of the characters appearing all over the place but it’s not necessary to read them in any particular order, click the random button and read the one that opens in front of you. Ask someone to pick one for you and read that one. What about not stopping at one? Each story can be read in 5 minutes, that’s no time at all.

Feel free to write notes on the stories, if you feel you can make an improvement then be my guest, and if you want to tell me the ones you do and don’t like then do that too, I would love to hear from you all.
I would love to be told you enjoyed them, equally, I need to be told where to improve, that is down to you too.

And if you’re entering the 500-word competition yourself, then yes, use these stories as ideas, but use your own imagination to make the story that belongs to you.

Read on to see how characters come to life.


</h5>