Francis Black was one of those weird people who liked to keep himself to himself. He didn’t have friends or acquaintances, he just had his work, he was either a mad or brilliant scientist, it depended on who you spoke to.

He liked to work with mirrors and electricity and dangerous gases, so the fact that he liked his own company was probably a really good thing.

He had just plugged his latest experiment in and turned it on. He had made an electric mirror - all of Francis Blacks experiments were electric mirrors - this one was a little more powerful than any he had made before and has he flipped the switch to turn it on there was a gentle electrical hum that filled the room. The lights dimmed as all of the power was transferred to his experiment.

Francis put on his hazmat suit and opened the valves on the gas cylinders to fill the room with alcogenisone, a gas of his own invention that was supposed to blur the lines between objects and make them more ‘squidgy’, what people thought it actually did was make the person breathing it drunk.

As the gas reacted with the objects in the room, Francis increased the voltage a little more to the mirror, it crackled and went foggy, and then nothing more happened.
Francis turned off the gas and went to document his findings.
He took one last look in the mirror and stopped in his tracks, to his amazement there was someone looking back at him.
Francis looked a little bit closer, so did the person in the mirror.
He raised a hand, as did the other person.
It was amazing, Francis and the other person were wearing exactly the same clothes, they even looked alike.
Francis was amazed, he had opened a gateway to another dimension and it had all been so easy.
Francis walked toward the mirror and went to touch the other persons outstretched hand, they both pulled back at the last minute, he wasn’t ready for that yet. 
He wanted to write all of this down before he forget.
The scientific community would definitely award him a Noble prize for this.

He moved his desk so he could look in the mirror, and so did the other man, this was uncanny, and enthralling, maybe the two men were connected by more than just this portal into another dimension, maybe there minds and thoughts and actions were linked too.

He sat down and wrote his log, he wrote until his hand and eyes and mind ached. He closed his eyes and drifted into a sleep.

He woke to the sound of coughing, Mrs Clander had come to clean as she did every Tuesday. And she was cleaning the mirror. 

“Stop!” Implored Francis, “That is my latest experiment, don’t touch it, the portal will close.”

Francis looked into the mirror and noticed in the other dimension that the other version of himself had a cleaner too.