“How far can you see dad?” Little Chloe asked.
“Less in the daytime than at night.” He replied.
Chloe was confused by this, “What do you mean?”
“I can see just over eight minutes in the daytime, I can see much further at night.”
Again Chloe did not understand at all, after all she was only five. Chloe wandered off to find mum.

“Mum, Dad’s being silly again.”
“Really? Again?” Said mum.
“I asked him how far he could see and he said about eight minutes.”
“OK, only in the daytime right?” 
“Yeah that’s what he said, I don’t get it.” Said Chloe, “He’s pulling my leg again? I’m confuzzled”
“No, he’s right, and we are the same.”
Chloe was really puzzled now, and she went in search of her brother Dan.

“Dan, DAN!” She shouted.
“In my room Clobear.” He shouted back. ‘Clobear’ was what he called Chloe, she pretended to hate it, but secretly she thought it was an ace nickname.
She climbed the stairs up to Dan’s room, and walked in. Dan was on his computer shooting aliens again, it was his favourite thing to do at weekends and he would stay up really late trying to take over the galaxy.
“Sup?” He said as Chloe walked in.
“Why are mum and dad so silly? I asked them a question and they gave me the same silly answer.”
“They’re grown ups, they just think they are being funny sometimes.” He replied, “What did you ask?’
“How far can you see?” She said
“Further at night??? Yeah??” Said Dan, “is that what they said?”
“Uh-uh, yep”
“They’re not wrong, come look.”
Dan took Chloe over to the window, it was going dark and the sun was just setting. “What can you see?” He said.
“I can see the park across the road”
“And what’s on the other side of the park?” Said Dan.
“Woods, I can see the woods.”
“And beyond the woods, can you see the mountains?”
“Yep.” Chloe said.
“And past the mountains?”
“Nothing, the sun is in my eyes”
“So you can see the sun?” This is exactly where Dan was trying to get to.
“I can, is that a long way away?” Said Chloe.
“It is, its 93 Million miles away, that’s a long way, it’s so far that it takes eight minutes or so for the light to get here.”
Chloe’s eyes lit up, “I get it, they can see light eight minutes away, that’s really clever.”
“It is, but look now look at this.” It was dark now and Dan pointed out into the night, “Now what do you see?” he said.
“Stars?” Chloe asked.
“The light from these takes much longer than eight minutes to get here. Some times it takes years and years, so you see when mum and dad said they can see much further at night, they were right, and a bit silly.”
Chloe smiled, “Thanks Dando, I understand now.”
