85 riders came over the top of the hill together, racing for the biggest prize in the history of cycling, they all wanted the orange jersey. This wasn’t the tour de France, this was the Tour de Citrouille, and along with the Jersey, the winner would win a years supply of Pumpkins.

85 riders began picking up the pace down the steep single track road, it was rutted and pot-holed and uncomfortably bumpy, the road is wet and slippy and the riders need to take care, one slip would cause a cataclismic accident.

85 riders picked there way through the holes and bumps, the noise of spinning pedals and chains and the whir of tires on tarmac got louder and louder as the riders went quicker.

1 rider in the middle of the pack misses his line and hits a deep hole, he bucked and skidded sideways, his final destination would be in a heap on the floor, but how many others would he take out too?

9 riders shout and yell as the accident gets bigger and their fate becomes apparent.

10 riders lay in a heap of broken bikes and bones, riders are scratched and sore, they would be fine, but their race was now over.

75 riders race on, the group split in two, those ahead of the spectacular crash and those that had to slow down to avoid it, they would never catch up.

25 riders still with a chance of victory and 50 more just making up the numbers for this year. 

25 riders in a sprint for the finish, faster they go, standing on pedals to speed up, heads and bodies hunched low to gain pace. 

1 rider in front doing all of the work, 24 behind get an easy ride with no wind to slow them down. 

1 rider moving out of the way to allow the next one to take his turn on the front.

Closer they come to the end they race, the crowd waiting impatiently for the innevitable breakaway, who would take the prize this year?

1 minute away now, they race at top speed.

3 riders breakaway, sprinting now, pushing hard with muscles on fire.

Half a minute and the end is in sight.

Gaston, Pierre and Claude gasping for air, lungs burning, heart racing, sweat flowing. 

Claude can do no more, his day is done as he slows to be caught quickly be the chasing pack.

Gaston and Pierre race on. Neck and neck, shoulder to shoulder, wheel to wheel, not a hairs breath between these two athletes.

Over the line they go. It’s a photo finish, a split decision, there’s no winner this year, they are all winners.

The crowd gathers for the ceremony, the top step is taken by two today, the persenter praises the athletes for their skill and for the competition they’d had. He exclames the draw and the crowd goes wild. The competitors sharing a jersey and the pumpkin prize. 