On the windowsill in the conservatory sat a very old, very gnarly Venus flytrap called Frank.
He was little sad looking and more than a little bit tatty. There were a few weeds growing in the same pot, nobody looked after plants in this house, nobody looked after anything.

Frank only drank when it rained and the small trickle of water came through holes in the roof that had leaked for donkey’s years.
Frank loved to eat meat, but he only ate when a poor unfortunate insect landed on his hairy leaves.
Sometimes he would go for weeks without a sniff of a decent bluebottle or daddy long legs. As for sunlight, it was almost non-existent; the glass in the windows was so grimy you could write your name in each one.
Despite all of this Frank survived and even managed to grow a little each year.

Gladys was a bird, she was not just any bird, but a tough old ladybird, she had lived in the conservatory with the Frank for months, and always managed to keep away from his sweet smelling scent and enticing taste.
The problem now though was that Gladys was a little unsteady on her feet, she could no longer fly in a straight line, plus she couldn’t really see passed the end of her nose. Every time time she took to the air her flight would be cut short by a slow speed crash into one dirty window or another, and every time she hit something she would fall to the floor in a untidy heap.

It was on one of these short haphazard flights that she spiralled out of a control after hitting the conservatory door. 
She landed dazed and confused right in the middle of Franks largest mouth. Gladys lay there for a minute or two and then slowly opened both her eyes, she squinted and strained to see where she was.
All she saw was a row of sharp spikes in front of her, she took a step backwards and brushed her bum against one of the hairs in Franks mouth. The mouth snapped shut and Gladys was trapped.

“Finally,” said Frank “I’ve been trying to catch you for a very long time.” 
The voice came from another mouth, he maybe a carnivore, but he never talked with his mouth full.”
“I’m glad I have you now, I haven’t had a good meal for weeks.” He continued.
“Do you like lots of seasoning with your food Frank?” Gladys asked, “I live in the pepper pot over on that shelf, I always carry a little bit around with me.” And with that she shuffled her wings and legs and spread dusty black pepper all over the inside of Frank’s mouth.
“Stop that!” Said Frank, “you’re spoiling the flav.... aah, Aaahh, AAaaah, Aaarghhh-Choooooo.”
Frank sneezed, and out of his mouth shot Gladys.
“Bless you, would you like a tissue?” she said as she flew back to her shelf.


