The year is 2163 and all of the cows are gone. Greedy mega-corporation burger chains are largely to blame for this, they genetically modified the animals so they made more beef, eventually companies became more greedy and moved from the traditional cow to a cheaper, laboratory grown burger that was always the same shape, same size, same flavour. They standardised the industry so that the cow was no longer needed, but they didn’t consider the need for milk and cheese and cream and all of the other good stuff they help make.

The dairy industry crashed and the world went into a downward spiral of cheese related disappointment and despair.

That was until Wild Wendy the Whale Whisperer had an idea.

Wendy was a bit of a self confessed nutter, but she always had a way with sea creatures, she only needed to but her head in open water and all of the animals in the sea or river would be drawn to her like a fishy magnet.

She kept her ability quiet for years as she didn’t want to be used as bait to help fishermen get a bigger catch.

Wendy’s idea was to befriend a whale and ask nicely if she could have some milk.

Wendy made a milking rig, got in a small dingy and rowed out to sea, she got to a place where she knew loads of whales would be, she put head under water and started humming and howling like the mad women that she was.

Minutes later she was surrounded by lots of whales of all size, there were white whales, humpback whales, Belugas and one solitary big blue whale.

“Perfect” thought Wendy.

She looked straight into the eyes of the whale and asked - with her mind - please Mrs Whale, can I have some of your milk. I have an idea that will make us both rich.
Of course the whale did not respond, it wasn’t telepathic and had no idea why a crazy women had stuck her head under water and was looking at her in the first place.
Wendy repeated her efforts and the whale cocked it’s head to one side like a puzzled puppy that doesn’t understand the term “You need a bath ya filthy animal”

Wendy took this as permission and proceeded to stick her modified milking machine on to the whale, it stuck fast. This time the whale was puzzled, and looked physically shocked, her eyes widened in surprise and she started to swim away.
With a flick off the whales tail Wendy’s dingy was smashed to pieces, there was just a small piece left to stand on.
Wendy held on to the milking machine as the whales swam faster and faster. 
Wendy was last seen water skiing behind the whale, frantically trying to get it to stop and take her back to the beach.

And the moral of this story is “not all ideas are good”, and world was still in cheese despair.
