Magnus the troll was afraid of water, and somehow he had ended up on the wrong side of the river. Magnus cannot remember how on earth he got there, he just knew he had to get home.

He had been walking for hours and trying to keep out of sight so that he wasn’t seen, he was looking for a particular type of bridge, it needed to be quiet, as well as old, a little bit rickety and preferably made of wood. 

He travelled further and further up river while looking for the bridge, and as the river got narrower he found what he was looking for. This bridge was very old and he was surprised that it was still standing, the wooden supports were rotten and splintered and it was deserted, Magnus the troll could not see a single person anywhere, this bridge was perfect.

Magnus walked up to the bridge, he wasn’t sure who owned it, but if it were a troll he would be fine, unless they asked why he was afraid of water, then he would have some explaining to do.
He put one of his feet on the rotten wooden boards, and then the other, he was just about to take his next step when he heard a voice...
“GET OFF MY BRIDGE” shouted the voice.
Magnus could not see who owned the voice but it sounded fierce and menacing. Magnus took some very quick steps backwards off the bridge. He wheeled around, there was no-one there, maybe he was hearing things.

Magnus started to walk across again, this time he definitely did hear a voice.
“GET OFF MY BRIDGE, TROLL.”
Magnus stayed put, he might be afraid of water, but a deep voice wasn’t going to hurt him.
“HEAR ME TROLL. TURN AROUND NOW OR SUFFER THE DEMON.” The voice shouted.
Still Magnus stayed where he was. 
“TURN AROUND NOW MAGNUS THE TROLL, I KNOW WHO YOU ARE.”
This time Magnus stopped, he looked carefully all around, as he stared out over the bridge he saw a pair of horns, below the horns there was a pair of red eyes, and under that he saw a mouth full of rotten brown teeth surrounded by a grey beard.

Magnus was scared now, he’d heard of this beast before, it was Doris the goat demon and she was a frightful animal, the stories he had heard had been passed down through generations of trolls. She’d pushed countless trolls off her bridge and frightened many others so much that they turned to rock. Magnus wasn’t going to be that troll though. He plucked up the courage and threw himself into the river.

He swam so hard, struggling against the fast flow of water, before long he had made it to the other side. He rested in the shallows before pulling himself out onto the river bank. “THANK YOU DORIS THE GOAT DEMON” he shouted, “I’m not scared of water now, thanks to you”

