Manuel Espacio had finally managed to stop laughing, “Ah Kevin, you are so funny, but this is an emergency and I need to get off the phone now.” He hung up and went back to observing space for the moon.

Everybody thinks that NASA is just a Space Agency from North America, but in reality it is the biggest spying network on earth. They have all of the observatories around the world bugged so that they get to hear about anything and everything that goes on in space.

They had been listening to the call between Kevin and Manuel, they immediately sent their best space spies to Kevin’s observatory. They arrived within the hour. It’s now 1 hour and 7 minutes since Kevin shrunk our moon.

Kevin heard the knock on the front door, he opened it to find two men in black suits standing there, his worst fears had just been realised. The men walked in and surveyed the house, there was lots of tiny furniture all over the floor. It looked like it all belonged in a dolls house.

The two men looked at each other and in that brief moment they understood that Kevin had been telling the truth to Manuel. “Would you like to come with us” one of the men said, “bring your equipment”.
Somehow this wasn’t a question. Kevin picked up both of the ray guns and walked out of his house, probably for the last time.
“Can I bring my telescope too?” He asked.
“We’ll collect everything else” the other man said ominously as they ushered Kevin into the back of a dark van with blacked out windows.

After what seemed like a very long time Kevin and the space spies arrived at a secret location in the depths of the English countryside.
“In here” the men pushed Kevin into an underground bunker and left him on his own in a long room filled with computer screens and flashing lights.

“Can you make it big again?” A woman asked from behind him. “My name is Molly Burghart, I’m the lead scientist at this facility, and I’m very interested in your work. Before we get to that though, I need to know if you can make the moon big again.”
“Errr, yes” replied Kevin, “If I can hit it, but that’s going to be a problem,”
“It is your problem though isn’t it?” Molly raised her eyebrows as she said this as if to say “We are all going to blame you if you can’t fix it”.

Kevin spent the next few days refining his targeting array on the enlarging ray, it was as good as it was going to get, and now was the moment of truth. 
The roof of the bunker opened slowly to reveal a very dark night sky.
He programmed the exact location of the moon and pressed the trigger, the ray missed by miles, this was harder than it looked.


<b>TO BE CONTINUED....</b>


