The audience loved it, they were laughing, cheering and clapping with the same frenzy that always followed ‘the great boozo’s’ show. 

Boozo’s real name was Barry Oozo, he was real class performer, he had perfected his act over decades and it hadn’t changed that much since he first started. It was just perfect (for the crowd), Barry hated it.

Barry was a juggler, he could juggle anything. He was amazing with balls, with clubs, with knives and fire. He could juggle 3 or 7 or 12 of anything, he was a master of his art. He was the worlds best juggler.

Barry passed the magician going the other way as he walked out of the ring in the middle of the “Bah-humbug and bailey’s” circus tent and into his dressing room, he sat on his small cot bed and cried into his hands, why? You ask.

Well perfection is not what the audience crave, they want the dropped ball, the club that disappears into the crowd and the trousers that catch fire when he drops is fire torches. They want mistakes, they want to be able to see something that isn’t perfect, they don’t appreciate the skill, the accuracy and the ability that has taken years to perfect. They want the fluffed catch and the bumped head and they love it when they get it.

Barry wanted to be appreciated for his skill and not because he was able to drop a ball perfectly at anytime and make it look like it was just a big blooper. Marvo the magician didn’t have that problem, the crowd loved him because they thought he was good.

Barry wiped his tears away with a hanky he had in his pocket and started to make himself a cup of tea - Tea always made him feel better.

Just as the kettle boiled, there was a shocked collective intake of breath from the audience in the tent, the ringmaster - Herbert Bah-Humbug - ran in.

“Come quick” he shouted, “Something’s gone wrong with Marvo’s show, he’s distraught.”

Barry got up quickly and ran behind the ringmaster, what he saw in the middle of the circus ring was a sight too behold. What can only be described as an eruption had happened inside Marvo’s top hat. The contents were scattered over the entire stage. There were fake flowers and boingy snakes, silk hankies, an umbrella, 2 sheep and a big purple elephant. 

But the crowd were all looking towards the top of the tent at the highwire that was stretched across the tent. Perching precariously on the tightrope was the magicians rabbit. It tottered one way, and then the other and then it lost it’s grip. It flapped its legs and ears but failed to stay on.

The rabbit dropped, the audience sucked air in through gritted teeth, and then from the back Barry heard the words “CATCH IT?”

And he did, and from that moment the audience appreciated his skill..
That particular audience anyway.


