Most animals when they go to the vets to have an operation come out wearing a cone, this is supposed to stop them licking their wounds. It is supposed to make them heal quicker.

Max, - or to give him is full name, Lord Maximilian the talking wonder-dog - had an operation over a year ago, and he still wears his cone. He is fully healed and the vet said that Margo and Donald, these were Max’s owners, could take it off any time they liked, but Max cannot be trusted without the cone.

Max like any dog likes to lick Margo and Donald, he likes to lick visitors to the house, he licks people on the street, he licks kids in the park, he licks everyone. The only thing he likes to lick more is his bum.

All dogs lick their own bum, and they smell other dogs bums too, it’s not a bad thing if you’re a dog.

Max is a little different though, when he licks his own bum he likes to howl really loudly, and this is embarrassing for Margo as she was the one that took him for walks. It is as if he is shouting “Hey world, look at me, I’m licking my bum.”
And that’s why he wears the cone, Margo and Donald call it the ‘Cone of Shame”.

Max didn’t like to wear the cone, not only did it stop him licking his bum, it also stopped him playing catch and fetching sticks. He pleaded with Margo every day to stop wearing it, but every time it was taken off he would start to lick and then he would howl and you could him all of the way down to the bottom of the street.

Margo and Donald knew that the cone needed to come off and they contacted vets and friends and lots of people all over the world to see if there was something that could be done.

Then one day an eccentric old lady from America messaged to tell them that she could fix it. 
“Send me some pictures of your dog and send me your address.” she typed “I will be able to stop him licking his bum.”

A few weeks later there was a knock at the door.
“My name is Dolly Trump, and I’ve come to fix your dog.” Said the lady standing on their doorstep in a thick American accent. She was dressed in a black and red tracksuit, she had the pinkest hair you have ever seen and really thick blue eyeshadow. And she was carrying a small package.
Max jumped up and started to lick her.
“You must be Max” she said with a smile, “here ya go, try these on.”

Max ripped open the package to find a pair of dog shaped trousers. Complete with a hole for his tail. Margo put them on him and took off the cone, he never got the urge to lick his bum again.


