Georgia and Nina Pea were very busy, their’s was the only detective agency in the scottish borders, but they were a bit bored, they needed a tasty case to get their teeth into.

The telephone rang and Nina picked it up, Georgia caught one side of the conversation.
“Yeah,”
“Uh-uh,”
“Right,”
“We’re on our way.”

“Get the keys George, you’re driving. We’re heading up the mountain to see Farmer Hardy, there’s a problem with one of his highland cattle.” Said Nina.
“Shouldn’t he call the Vet?”
“Not a vet problem, something odd has happened.”

The drive to the Hardy’s farm was slow, the recent rain had washed away some of the road and the rest of it was flooded, George had to be careful to avoid the deep potholes.
As they got to the gate, Farmer Hardy waved them through the gate and directed them toward the shed.

“I’m keepin’ ‘em ‘ere for the time bein’. The fields are too wet to let ‘em out.” Said the farmer. “When I came to feed them this mornin’ I saw that Dexter had been vandalised.”
Nina and Georgia looked over the door to the large shed and they saw what the farmer meant. 
Dexter was a big highland bull, he had fabulous horns and bright orange hair, most highland cattle had a big fluffy mop in between their horns, but Dexter’s had been shaved off, he was as bald as a coot.

“Well that’s a good haircut Dexter, who did that to you then?” George didn’t expect an answer.
“Do you have CCTV Mr Hardy?” Nina asked the Farmer. 
“What’s that then?” He replied.
“I’ll take that as a ‘no’ then shall I?” Said Nina.
“I have no idea, he were ma prize bull, coulda been the new bloke from the next farm I s’pose, tryin’ to beat me to a rosette.”

Just then they heard a repeating squeak from down the lane, it sounded like it was getting closer.
As the three people turned around they saw a man cycling down the lane on a rusty old bike. The chain was in need of a bit of oil.
As they looked the man turned away, but as he did, Nina noticed a bright orange beard. 
“George. See if you can catch the man and stop him, he has a beard the same colour as Dexter.”
She ran off at a full sprint and before long she had caught the man, she rugby tackled him off the bike and they both ended up in a wet ditch.

“Get off me child.” The man said in a high pitched voice.
“You’re not a man.” George said, and she tugged at the beard on the bike rider’s face, it came off with ease.
At that exact moment Mr Hardy arrived and exclaimed “Beryl? How could you?”
“You spend more time with that bloomin’ cow than you do with me, and I’m your wife.” Beryl exclaimed.

“That’s another case closed.” Nina said.