Alan was a lazy boy, he was 10 years old and all he did was sit on the sofa, play computer games and eat crisps.
He didn’t have many friends outside of school because he didn’t play out, he was content just to play on football and driving games, as well as the odd session of Minecraft.

Alan enjoyed what he did on a day to day basis and his parents weren’t that bothered really, they were happy that he was contented, he was happy and he was doing no harm, he didn’t fuss and he didn’t misbehave, his school reports were good and he was polite... but lazy.

He wouldn’t lift a finger around the house, he never made a brew, he never washed the dishes and his room was more like a pigsty than a child’s room should be.

But he was happy, until his gran came to stay, you see, his gran would nitpick at everything.

“You need to eat better” she would say in a croaked old persons voice that Alan thought sounded more like a witch than a grandma should, “you’ll turn into a crisp”, usually followed by “You need to exercise too, when I was your age I used to walk 4 miles to school every morning and the same home again, you get taken everywhere in a car, it’ll do you no good”, “and you need to stop playing on those computers, you’ll get square eyes.”
“Whatever?” Was generally Alan’s reply.

Not long after his grans last visit Alan started to feel funny. He didn’t move much anyway, but now he was struggling more than usual, he had less energy and wanted to sit on the sofa more than normal, this went on for a couple of weeks before his mum took him to the the doctors.

Alan’s mum explained everything to the doctor.
“His gran’s right” said Dr Ducker, “The boy needs to exercise and to eat some good wholesome food, I believe it may already be too late for him.”
“Surely you can’t be serious, What would make you say that?”
“I am deadly serious, there are signs, he rustles when he walks, and when he climbs stairs he crunches. Maybe if he started with a little light exercise, that can’t hurt.” Replied then Doctor.

Alan’s mum took him home, and they made a plan. First thing in the morning Alan would start exercising. He and his mum were going to go for a gentle jog.

That night Alan ate 6 pack of crisps and had a gaming binge. After 5 hour marathon he took himself to bed, he was ready for change.

And he did change, when Alan’s mum woke him the following morning she screamed at the top of her voice, Alan had grown another eye, just under his ear. his skin was all dusty and he smelt of cheese and onion.

Poor Alan had turned into a potato, his gran had been right. Gran’s always are.


