Day 1347 started much like any other day in the old hospital, the alarm sounded at 6:30 and 30 minutes later 353 people assembled in the old public cafeteria to eat breakfast and to plan their day.
When these people were locked in on day one, they did not know each other, they had no idea of each other's skills and they had no idea of what was going to happen in the future.

Lunar7 was an experiment to see if a group of people that don’t know each other could make a community that will self sustain and thrive in an environment that is closed off to the outside world. There were engineers, scientists, doctors, nurses, gardeners, teachers and family groups.

Within days they had come together and had a plan that should see them survive together for almost 3 years without a single contact from the outside world. 

Then everything changed. 

Halfway through the first year a pandemic struck the planet and wiped out almost all of the global population. The participants of Lunar7 had no idea, their air and water had been cleaned, filtered and recycled thousands of times, the only time they knew something was wrong was when the doors did not open on day 1000.

The engineers and scientists had been working ever since to open a door from the inside that was designed not to be. After the first few days of initial panic the community had settled back into the normal routine of daily life.

At 13:43 Brian finished coding the latest interface controller and plugged it in to doors control panel. There was a series of beeps and then a whirring as the doors mechanism came to life, there was a whoosh of air as the seals deflated and then a final clunk.

The panel lit green for the 1st time since the door was closed. Brian held is breath for a moment and pulled on the shiny chrome handle. The door was heavy but it moved easily. 

Brian walked cautiously through the door, there was no-one to greet him, no cheers and no fanfare as he took a deep breath of the freshest air he had ever tasted.
The grounds of the hospital were so overgrown with trees, shrubs and bushes, the beautifully manicured lawns had reverted to an amazingly colourful wild flower meadow and the sound of birds was a treat for his ears.
As Brian listened he noticed there was no murmur of traffic, as he looked around he saw no people, as he looked up he saw no vapour trails in the sky.
Brian turned round and went back inside the hospital.

As he closed the door again and turned he saw a sea of expectant faces all looking his way, all waiting for the word that they can leave the home they have lived in for the last 4 years.

“It’s beautiful outside” Brian said, “I don’t think we can leave yet.”


