BOOM! The glass in all of the windows rattled, the classroom filled with a flash of light and a cloud of smoke. Gemma Griffin-Bowen could not grin any wider.

Gemma was a year 12 Chemistry teacher and she liked nothing more than blowing stuff up, and today she had excelled herself.
Every other person in the room had a look of horror on their faces, there was a ringing in the ears and the flash of light had temporarily blinded the entire class. Stacey Monroe was sobbing uncontrollably.

An alarm was ringing somewhere in the background, and there was a commotion in the corridor.
The door to Mrs GB’s classroom opened wide and the headmaster scanned the room.
“Evacuate!” He shouted, “Can’t you hear the alarm going off?” 
To every-one in the Gordon Jackson’s voice sounded as though he were talking into a big jam jar.

“Quickly like”, Mrs GB rounded up the class and ushered them outside, “I suspect that this is not a drill.” She grinned as she past Mr. Jackson. He glared at her as the class filed past.
“See me after school, this is unacceptable.” He said.

The rest of the day went by without incident, all of the school were talking about how Mrs GB made a bomb and tried to blow up the science lab. 
To be brutally honest, she’d just found a sweet spot between the amounts of custard powder and sparks, if she had got it any more right the fire brigade would be picking bits of school up from the next town.

“Mrs Griffin-Bowen.” Started Mr. Jackson, “would you like to explain to me why you saw fit to attempt to blow up the new science lab?”
“Mr. Jackson,” she replied, sternly but calmly. “If I had tried to blow up the lab, rest assured that it would have been blown up. I was merely trying to demonstrate the need to be careful when there is a dusty atmosphere and static electricity about. I know it’s not on the syllabus, but it’s a very important life skill, and,” she continued, “you can sign off the new building now, it’s had a structural test, a fire alarm test, a fire drill.”

“Please don’t be flippant Mrs Griffin-Bowen, what you have done is extremely serious, I will have to report this to the PTA, they will need a full explanation at the next meeting. You cannot experiment with school equipment off curriculum and get away with it. If you were a pupil I would put you on detention for a month.”
He added “In future I want to approve every experiment you carry out in your classroom.”

“That’s OK Mr. Jackson, next Tuesday I plan to place 1Kg of lithium into the pond, that’s not in my classroom.” Mrs GB walked out of the headmasters office with a wicked smile on her face.



*Any similarity to any persons, past or present is purely co-incidental and most likely unintentional.


