“Why are you wearing that?” Said dad.
“The weather man said to protect ourselves.” Replied Billy
“From What?’
“Dihydrogen Monoxide”
“He said that?”
“Well, no not really, but he showed it on the map”
“On the weather map?”
“Yep, it said H2O all over the map, and that’s Dihydrogen Monoxide.”
 
Billy was wearing a full chemical suit. It was a little on the large size because Billy was only 7 but he was taking no chances, he didn’t panic, he had trained for this since he he’d learnt about the periodic table.
Billy ate his breakfast and then left the house just as the school bus pulled up at the stop just outside his house.

“You OK Billy?” Asked the bus driver, “why do you look like a space man? Fancy dress?”
“It’s a chemical suit Mr. Buster. We’re going to have a Dihydrogen Monoxide downpour, and if it’s got Monoxide in it, then it’s dangerous.”
“Aaaaah, OK.” The bus driver turned and faced the front of the bus as Billy walked off.

Billy sat down as the bus pulled away. 20 minutes later the bus stopped outside the school gates. Billy and the rest of the kids on the bus got off and walked into school. Most of the kids avoided Billy in his plastic suit.

Billy didn’t have many friends his own age. The other kids thought he was too clever and too much of a geek. They listened though because he knew things.

“Hiya Billy.” Said his teacher “Dihydrogen Monoxide?”
“Yep.”
“Thought so, nice chemical suit.”
“Thanks, it’s gonna be a doozy. It’s coming this afternoon.”
Billy’s teacher smiled knowingly. He’d seen the weather report too, but the only protection he had was an umbrella.
Billy looked out of the classroom window, it was still sunny but in the distance he could see a big black cloud of Dihydrogen Monoxide heading their way and there was no escape.

As the day got older and the cloud got closer he started to tell the other kids in the class about the chemical that was coming, he told them how it made metal turn to rust, how it eroded rock and how it was impossible to breath if it got into their lungs.

Billy kept an eye on the incoming clouds and as they approached he saw spots on the window. He saw big round spots on the floor as it started to darken under the chemical attack.
He looked at the other kids and whispered “It’s started.” I hope you brought protection.”
The children looked at each other and started to worry. How would they get to the bus? what would happen to the bus? Would the road stay in one piece long enough to get them safely home?

The school bell rang to signal the end of the day, the kids jumped and looked at the teacher.
“Come on he said, it’s just a little bit of Dihydrogen Monoxide, or rain to you and me.”


