Peter Pompalous was a weatherman, not the type of weatherman that you see on the television, but a man that collects weather.
It was a strange hobby, Peter travelled all over the world looking for new weather. If he saw something new he would put it in a jar and take it home.
He had rain from Glasgow and Greenwich, he had wind from Somerset and Sheffield, He had sunshine from The Wirral and snow from Lincoln. He had hundreds of jars on shelves all over his house, but he was missing one. He still needed to collect fog, and it wasn’t as if he could swap with another weather collector - there wasn’t one.

The problem with fog was two-fold, firstly how could you tell if it was fog or mist? This was tricky.
And secondly, when you put the fog in a jar and got it home it always turned into water at the bottom of the jar. He never had this problem with other weather.
In wind jars he had put in a tiny piece of leaf so that he knew that the wind still blew. 
In rain jars he placed a rock. Not only did the rock stay wet, but you could see the rain falling.
Sunshine was easy, the jar glowed - at night he had to put a cover over it, just like you would with a noisy parrot. 

Luckily for Peter he knew the difference between fog and mist, and after years of trying to get fog, Peter thought that the problem was the jars and not the fog itself. He would need a better jar.

Peter researched in the library, the internet and book shops until he found something that he thought might do the trick. he needed something that wouldn’t let the water settle in the bottom of the jar and something that would encourage the fog particles to be repelled from each other.
What he found was a little bit special and there was only one in existence. The jar had been coated on the inside with some anti-gravity particles and they had been genetically modified to have just enough negative energy to repel everything, essentially it put everything it touched into a bad mood so that everything else would stay away from it.
It had a small tap on the lid and a label on the outside said “Under vacuum - opening tap will suck”

Peter’s new jar arrived a few weeks later and he went to try it. 

The weather was perfectly foggy, he walked to the river and opened the jar and sucked in the fog. The jar worked perfectly. He had fog in his collection. Peter was so happy that he did a little dance but lost his grip on the jar and it splashed into the river and floated off. 

Somewhere in the Irish Sea there is a jar with fog in it. If you see it please send it back to Peter. He is terribly upset.
