Frankie Skid wasn’t a squid, he was an Octopus, but that didn’t rhyme.
Frankie was a performer in Bah-Humbug & Bailey’s circus. He was an escapologist and a daredevil.

Every night he was carried into the centre of the massive red and white tent to a fanfare of trumpets. He was in a big glass jar about the same size as a bucket.
He was surrounded by a green curtain; like the ones you see in old hospital films.
And every night he would use the suckers on his tentacles to undo the lid and escape to a round of applause.

He would take a bow and then slither out of the ring as a huge round metal cage was lowered from the roof. The crowd looked on in amazement, expecting something dangerous to exit like a lion or tiger.

The crowd heard a roar, not from inside the massive ball, but from the tunnel into the tent, and with a huge commotion, Frankie would ride the bucking beast into the centre of the tent.

But this was no animal, this was Frankie’s pride and joy, it was his huge Harley-Davidson motorbike. It made fire and cracks and bangs, and it made small children cry and want to cuddle their mums. It was amazing!!

Frankie sat in the middle of the arena, the crowd's eyes fixed on the spectacle that lay before them, he twisted the throttle on the bike creating a deafening howl.
As he sat grinning, a door opened in the side of the ball, and with a flick of his foot on the shifter the bike juddered and he rode through the doorway.

The globe was lifted back up into the roof so all of the audience could see.
Frankie started to ride around the inside of it, slowly at first, the bike nervously wobbling on the curved surface, but as he gathered speed the bike steadied. 
Faster and faster he went, the bike seemingly glued to the inside of the cage. 
The faster he went, the higher he climbed and with a final flourish he turned the bike so he was riding up one wall, then upside-down as he went across the top and back down the other wall, he revved the engine more and more, and soon bike and rider were just a blur.

Then the roars suddenly fell quiet, and the bike's engine chugged to a stop. As it rose to the top of the ball it slowed to a stop. Frankie leaned backwards as he started to fall, he was followed by the huge bike. The crowd held their breath together and it all went silent.

Just as the bike was about to land on him, Frankie oozed through a hole in the bottom of the cage and landed with a ‘Plop’ in the big glass jar. Ready for another show.

The crowd cheered and clapped as Frankie was carried away by the two clowns that had brought him in.


