“Roll up, roll up, get your cheap stuff, roll up...”

That was the normal type of thing you heard on a Sunday morning as you walked around the local market. Rows and rows of lorries with open backs and a man or woman stood inside selling all sorts of ‘treasures’.

There was a man selling meat, another selling plates, a third selling Pillows. If you looked hard enough you would probably find a guy selling only left socks and another selling right ones.

One of the regular sellers in the market was a guy called Russell, he could sell ice to eskimos, if he went home with anything left in the back of his truck he would have considered it a very bad day.

Not everything Russell sold was a good deal, but customers almost always left the market thinking that they had got a fantastic bargain, like the day that Gladys Pips bought a bag of wind and got a free kite.

It was a very windy day in May, just after the showers of April. Russell had sold lots of ‘cut price’ winter duvets and the only thing he had left were the bags they came in.
Russell was taking the bags to the bin when a gust of wind blew and filled one of them with lots of air, and then Russell had a great idea.

He pulled more bags from the bin, and held them open so that the wind would fill them up. He tied them together and carried them all back to his truck.
He quickly made a sign that read - ‘Genuine Welsh fresh air, the cleanest in the world. £10 a bag’ - and a second sign that said - ‘back in 10 minutes’. He stuck them both on the back of his truck and went to see the guy that sold kids toys in the next field

“Have you got any cheap kites?” Russ asked the toy salesman.
“Got four left, Tenner each.”
“Tell you what.” Russell said, “Gimme 20 and I’ll take them off your hands.” Russell didn’t think this would work but it was always worth a try to benefit from the confusion he caused.
“You got a deal” the toy man said, and handed over 4 kites and £20.

Russell got back to his own lorry and found that his signs had caused a small gathering.
“Some of you are going to be disappointed” he muttered to himself.

“Ladies, ladies.” He started, “have I got a deal for you. Not only am I selling big bags of fresh welsh air, I’m including a free, yes you heard that right FREE kite to the first four customers.”

“I was here first.” Screeched Gladys Pips, “I’ll take a bag, and my grandson can have the kite. How am I supposed to get it in the car though?”

“I’ll let the air out for you. You can put it back when you get home.” Russell replied.
“You’re a clever boy.” Said Gladys.


