Once upon a time in the kitchen kingdom, Freeya and Pho-Ee-Be embarked on a royal baking adventure. It all started when Freeya declared, "It needs much more carrot in it, it's too blue."
"I like blue, it's princessey. Put some blueberries in it," replied Pho-Ee-Be, twirling in her imaginary princess gown.
"But orange is weirder," argued Freeya.
"I'm taking my half and I'm going to make it bluer. You do what you want with your half," and with that, Pho-Ee-Be flounced off, being all princessey.
"You do what you like, but we have to mix it all back up again in the end."
Freeya decided that it didn't need carrot; it needed something a little more orange. She scavenged the house for ingredients like a baking detective. Food colouring, an old scarf from her mom, an actual orange, and carrots were gathered. The pièce de résistance was some ginger beard dye hidden away in her dad’s mysterious bathroom cabinet.
"Perfect!" she exclaimed as she mixed up the concoction ready for baking.
Meanwhile, Pho-Ee-Be was having just as much fun. She grabbed a loo-blu from the bathroom, blueberries from the garden, bubblegum-flavoured sweets from the kitchen cupboard, and even some play-doh (which might have been blue once upon a time before it became a mysterious gray-brown).
When the dynamic duo returned to the kitchen, they inspected each other's bowls and simultaneously let out a collective "Ooooo," rising in pitch like the grand finale of a magical show.
Pho-Ee-Be dolloped her concoction into Freeya's, and they started to mix it up.
"Let's not mix it too much; orange and blue make brown. We don't want a brown cake," advised Freeya.
As the girls stirred, the batter made peculiar noises. 'Pop, Phzzzzz, Pfft,' it went, followed by a 'Bloop' and another 'Bloop.'
"What's happening?" asked Pho-Ee-Be.
“I don’t know, it might be normal, I’m Usually licking the bowl by now" assured Freeya. "Let's cook it."
Into the baking tin, and then into the oven it went. "Four hours should do," said Pho-Ee-Be, setting a timer.
But the mixture had plans of its own. It started to cook, producing unsettling noises that grew louder. The girls, wide-eyed, stared through the glass door, hoping for a quiet finale.
The batter turned rebellious, sparking a small firework display in the oven. The cake expanded, oozing out of the tin like a mischievous alien goo. It crept through the gap in the oven door, fizzing, bubbling, and sparking as it went. Suddenly, as swiftly as it started, everything fell silent.
"Phew," the girls sighed in unison.
Then, the mixture unleashed an incredibly loud belch, exploding in a riot of blue and orange goo, transforming the tiny kitchen into a prehistoric cave adorned with stalactites and stalagmites of delicious chaos. And thus, the princesses' royal baking adventure took an unexpected turn into a gooey, giggly masterpiece.
“I have no idea how YOU are going to explain this to mum and dad.” Pho-Ee-Be laughed.