“Expelyaarmus!” Gary exclaimed as he a performed a flourish with a stick he found in the woods.
Gary was a huge fan of Harry Potter and pretended to be him all of the time, today he was on his own in his bedroom, his dad was at work and his mum had just popped to the shop for a tin of soup, there was the family dog - Zaphod, and his goldfish - Flipper, but that didn’t count.

Nothing happened when he waved the stick around, just like it did every other time he waved the stick. Gary wasn’t put off by this, he knew he wasn’t a full wizard, but there was an off chance he was only half-muggle on his mum’s side, he suspected that his gran was a bit of a witch.

“Oculus-repairum!” Gary said, he liked this one, it felt nice as it rolled off the tongue, he pointed the stick at his cracked pocket money jar.
Nothing happened this time either. 

“Aguamenty!” He shouted. Again, nothing happened.
“I wasn’t thirsty anyway.” Gary grumped.

He started to think that the spells in the books and films were not real magic, he was going to try some of his own.

“Bottimus-Fartsquarkle!” He said. As he pointed the stick at the sleeping dog.
To his amazement the end of the stick lit up. The dog farted in his sleep and woke itself up. The dog looked around puzzled by what had just happened. Gary covered his mouth and nose in his Gryffindor scarf. When Zaphod farted it was all that you could do to stop the smell. 

Zaphod trotted off downstairs to get away from his own stink, and to maybe get some peace and quiet and nod off again.

“Bottimus-Fartsquarkle!” He tried again, this time he pointed the stick at the fish bowl it lit up again, the gold-fish started to blow up like a small whoopee cushion, then it was propelled around the bowl in circles until all of the fart was gone. The fish just floated in the water now, it’s eyes were as big as dinner plates. Gary started to giggle as he sat down on his bed. Maybe there was some non-muggle blood in him after all.

Gary looked out of his bedroom window, there was a couple of kids playing in the street. Gary had been teased by these boys for being a Harry Potter fan, and he thought that he now had the perfect trick to play on them, not too harmful, not nasty, just a bit funny.

He waved the stick around his head, and just as he stopped to point at the boys he shouted “Bottimus-Fartsquarkle-Permanentay!” - Nothing, nothing at all.
He threw the stick onto the window ledge in exasperation. As it turned and whirled in the air the tip lit up and the spell was directed at Gary.

The smell in his room is still pretty bad now. 