Goldie lived in a bowl on the sideboard in the living room of a small 3 bedroom house.
The house belonged to Herbert Bah-Humbug, it was normally empty as Herbert was the ringmaster in a circus, but he was home for a holiday, nobody wanted to sit in a freezing cold circus tent in the middle of January.

Herbert was teaching Goldie a new trick. He was teaching her to jump through a hoop. 
Goldie wasn’t interested, she just wanted to swim in circles today, chasing her tail and hiding from the old-fashioned diver under the sunken bridge.

Teaching a goldfish tricks is hard, you give a dog treats if it does what you ask, a goldfish doesn’t eat much, so bribing it with snacks won’t work for long.

What Goldie did like was a single drop of fresh orange juice in the bowl, and she would do absolutely anything for a drop of blackcurrant*, 

Herbert showed Goldie the glass of blackcurrant and she immediately stopped hiding and came to the side of the bowl, she was repeatedly swimming into it as if the glass wasn’t there. For a brief moment Herbert thought that her eyes had widened with glee.

Herbert held the small ring over the bowl, shook it gently and said “Up Goldie, jump through the hoop, there’s a good fish.” 
Goldie took a swim up, leapt out of the water, missed the hoop and splashed back into her bowl.
She went back to bouncing off the inside of the bowl, fixed intently on the glass of blackcurrant.

“I don’t think so little fishy, not until you’ve jumped through the hoop for me.”
Herbert thought this time that Goldie had looked cross.
Once again Goldie took a swim up, she raced around the bowl twice, accelerating all the time. She jumped out of the water, higher than before, still not quiet high enough. She landed with a plop and proceeded to bash the side of the bowl.

“That was close Goldie, your best  attempt, you’ll have it next time.”
Herbert was not mistaken this time, she actually shook her head from side to side.
“I’ll make this the last one, then you can have some juice.”
Goldie looked at Herbert, appearing to judge if he was telling the truth or not.
Then she took 3 laps round the bowl, jumped and appeared to float in mid air, she missed the hoop and landed with a thud on the sideboard.

“Ooops, let’s get you back where you belong”
Herbert picked the fish up and gently placed it in the bowl and went to sit down, the excitement had got the better of him, he forgot what he had said to his fish.

Goldie swam angrily around the bowl again, she leapt out as high as she could, a somersault and landed in the juice, the practice had been worth it, she drank her fill.



*please don’t try this at home, your goldfish might prefer apple juice. 