The four intrepid explorers parked their car in the car park, it was raining - a little bit - but that wasn’t going to stop them, they had prepared for this expedition for hours. Everybody had a pork pie and then they set off.

They walked in silence for a little while until Bella asked for sausage roll, she was told “No” and got grumpy, but carried on anyway. Then they came to a sign on the side of the narrow path. It said “Keep to the path, invisibly boggy in places.”

“Now kids, you’ve seen the sign, no messing about and going off on you own.” Said dad.

Poppy and Bella took this for permission to do whatever they liked and disappeared into the distance. Mum and dad walked faster to keep up and managed to catch glimpses of the two girls as they vanished further and further away.

A few moments later they heard Poppy giggling and a massive grunt from Bella in the distance, as mum and dad got closer it became clear that Bella was not on the path anymore, her left foot was ankle deep in bog water and mud. Bella looked a little bit sheepish and a little bit cross, as she pulled her foot out of the mud she gave Poppy a push off the other side of the narrow path and she ended up with her foot buried in sludge, this time Poppy grunted and Bella laughed.

After a clean up and a stern talking too the girls carried on, the path was starting to head upwards now and getting steeper, they had been walking for hours when they saw another sign, This one said “Still Boggy, You’ve been warned!”.

The two girls carried on ahead, as the walked they climbed out of the forest area and saw over the trees for the first time, the view was stunning and and they could see for miles. Up ahead they could see their goal, it was almost close enough to touch, as they were walking and looking up they didn’t notice that they had strayed off the path and the ground around them was starting to get squelchy. 

By the time they realised they had left the path behind it was too late, the girls looked down at the boggy ground and then started to trace their steps back the way they had come. They were holding hands and walking carefully while trying to step on the more solid ground.

They were almost all of the way back when they saw mum and dad climbing out of the trees. Mum and dad looked a little cross to see the girls off the path again, Poppy and Bella rushed the last couple of steps and completely missed the final step. The next they knew they were up to the middles in stinky brown bog sludge, what a way to end the day. They never did get to the top of the mountain.


