“It’s a man in a sheet, pretending to be a ghost.” Said Mum, “now stop looking out of the window and get into bed. It’s well past your bedtime.’
“I don’t like halloween mum, it frightens me.” Replied Cathy, hiding behind her favourite blanket.
It was 11 O’Clock and the rest of the people in the house had been in bed for ages.

“What if he comes into the house? What will we do?” Cathy continued
“We’ll do nothing, he’s only pretending, he’s not a bad man.”
“How do you know though? it’s not like you can see him.“
“Cathy love, we go through this every year. Halloween is a holiday where kids get sweets for dressing up, the better the costume, the more sweets they get.”

“I like sweets don’t I mum?”
“Yes sweetheart, you do.”

Just then, there was a knock on the door, BANG!! The door frame shook. Cathy screamed at the top of her voice.
“He’s coming, don’t let him in.”
“That was just the cat flap.” Said mum
“It was too loud, the door rattled Mum, I’m scared.”
Moggy the cat strutted into Cathy’s bedroom and rubbed her body against the leg of Cathy’s bed, Cathy reached down and stroked the cat. “Phew.” She said, That was scary.
Moggy was a very big clumsy animal, “I suppose it was the cat flap, I’ll just take one more look out of the window and then I’ll go to sleep.”
“Good” Said Mum, “I’ll see you in the morning.”

Cathy pulled the curtain to one side and peeped out, the man in the sheet was still there, he appeared to be looking at Cathy’s window, his head was tilted ever so slightly to one side. Cathy thought this was terrifying and started to shake.
“What’s the matter now?” Asked Mum.
“He’s still there, he’s looking at me.”

Cathy’s mum looked out the window, there was nobody there.
Then they heard the front door. A tiny click of a key in the lock, the quiet clunk as the handle was pushed down. And the gentle squeak as the door was slowly, very slowly pushed open.

They could here footsteps crossing the hall, thudding quietly on the tiled floor.
The a creak as the first step on the stairs was climbed, and then another, and another. 
13 steps they counted, Cathy looking more and more frightened as the footsteps got closer.

The sound got nearer, she heard something touch the handle of her bedroom door, she stared, wide eyed at the door, watching intently for the handle to turn, and slowly it did, and with a click the door was free to open, there was a whoosh as the door brushed along the carpet. Suddenly the door was open, and there was a man there, he lifted the sheet.

Cathy squealed.

“Hi Girls” said Cathy’s dad in a voice far too cheery, as he lifted the sheet.

“Pull yourself together Cathy, you’re 40 years old”, said mum.


