Hamish Uppington-Smyth was driving his small lorry along a quiet country lane in the middle of nowhere, Hamish was happy, he’d just picked up a flock of prize sheep from a farm in a place that he couldn’t pronounce. It was in Wales. He likes Wales.
Hamish was listening to the garbled reception on the radio, in between bursts of static and crackle he caught the news headlines.

The one that caught his attention was about a scientist that had developed a chemical that was able to change shape, temperature and smell depending on your feelings. The scientist had called it “Mood-goo” and she sounded very excited about what it was able to do and how it would benefit everybody.

Hamish wasn’t convinced, but it made him smile. It was unlikely that anyone would want to mass produce it anyway - what was the need? He thought.

500 miles away, another scientist had heard the same news headlines earlier that day and he had thought, I could put that in a rocket, and he did.

Hamish was nearly home, and after a round trip of 12 hours he just wanted a nice cup of tea and a slice of cake. His thoughts drifted toward the cafe in his village and he was in a bit of day dream when he saw something flash past the window of his truck.

I wonder what that was? He thought.

It wasn’t long before he found out. From over the crest of the hill he was driving up he saw a sight that made him stop. His house, his farm, his village was unrecognisable. 
It was covered in a slime that was changing shape, it was steaming one minute and frozen the next, and has he got closer he could smell strawberries, new books and poo, all at the same time.

Hamish was a curious man so he decided to take a closer look.

There was no damage, everything was just covered in slime. As Hamish became more and more confused the slime changed shape, and smell, now he could smell nothing but cabbage, he didn’t like cabbage and turned his nose up in disgust. As he did this the slime went from a nice blue colour to red, then orange and then it settled on a dark purple.

This must be the new Mood goo that scientist was talking about, but how on earth did it get here? He thought, and it changes colour too.

Hamish parked his lorry on his farm and unloaded the sheep into the shed as it appeared to be the only place that wasn’t covered.

The immaculate sheep immediately ran into the shed and through the open gate at the other end. Straight into a pond of goo. The sheep enjoyed this, so the goo changed to matched their mood. By the time Hamish caught up with them the sheep had turned a bright pink.

“I don’t like THAT colour”, he said.


