When I walked into the research centre for the final time, I was nervous, and I don’t mind saying this, I was a little bit scared too.
3 weeks ago I had answered an advert in a newspaper, it said ‘Test subjects needed for clinical trial, minimal risk, £1000 + all expenses paid’. I jumped at the chance, who would say no to a grand?

My name is Ben Turner, and I’m 12 years, and No I didn’t tell my parents. Why should I? They would have had a hissy fit.

I thought that when I signed up the Professor would not approve, but I couldn’t have been more wrong, his exact words were “Fabulous laddie, the more wee the better, you’ve a fantastic life ahead o’ yee.” And then under his breath he muttered “if this works that is”.
Professor Gurney was Scottish if you hadn’t already realised.

Anyway, today’s the day, the fifth and final injection, the one that changes everything, the one that makes me a superhero.

It’s not really an exact science, The professor is still not sure what my super-power will be, in fact he’s not sure if I will have one at all, but either way I get my money, so that’s OK.

“Ben!” Prof’s assistant called me through to the lab, “Just sit in the chair while I strap you in.”
This was new, every other jab had been done while we were chatting. “Why the straps?’ I asked.
“Well lovey, This is a big needle and it’s gonna hurt like mad. Plus..” she continued, “we don’t know what’s going to happen do we? We don’t want to be dealing with an unrestrained hulk now do we?”

Professor Gurney walked in, the assistant wasn’t joking, this needle was enormous.
“Which arm this time Prof?” I asked.
“Nay laddie, this one goes in your bum, roll him over nursey.”
The next thing I know the chair is tipped up and the needle has gone in.
I feel a burning as the liquid goes in, it warms me up, makes me feel like I’m on fire.
I can here my pulse racing, my heart pounding so hard.
My breathing quickens and I start to sweat, i can feel my clothes sticking to me.
I can hear crying and it takes a while to register that it’s me.
Then everything goes black, I can still hear the Prof and his nurse talking.
“Are you recording all of this?” the professor says, “It’s awesome.”
And the I slip into a deep dreamless sleep for what seems like days.

When I wake I feel refreshed, stronger, more invigorated and I feel like I know things.
“What’s my super-power?” I ask.
“We don’t know for sure.” said the nurse, “Here, have a look.”
I open my eyes and look around, everything seems the same only clearer. The nurse hands me a mirror and I take a look at my reflection. “Whoa!!!” I’m blue.


