Kevin Peaker was in a bit of trouble, or he would be when NASA found out what he had done.
Kevin had inadvertently made the mood disappear, it was a complete accident, but nobody on earth would believe that.

Technically the moon was exactly where it was before, 240,000 miles away, orbiting earth quiet happily. Kevin looked through his powerful telescope in the hope that he would see it, it was unlikely, when Kevin first realised what may have happened he checked the shrink ray, it was set to [Super-Nano-Miniscule-Titchy], that means that the moon would be the size of dried pea.

Kevin searched long and hard for the moon, it was a fruitless task, it had gone, Kevin did see the Sarnann fleet and was worried for a minute until he remembered the story of the astronaut that had been sent into isolation because of supposed contact with aliens. Kevin did not find find the moon.

Meanwhile somewhere in Spain, Manuel Espacio could not believe his eyes, he had seen a massive flash on his way up to the observatory on the hill, then it went dark. The sky was clear and there should have been a full moon that night, but it wasn’t there.

Manuel climbed up to the Super-Powerful-Omni-Telescope (SPOT for short), checked the data for moon location and dialled it into the computer. The telescope tracked around and the roof of the big dome opened. Manuel looked into the eyepiece and saw a tiny pebble where the moon should have been (and the Sarnann fleet).

Manuel pushed the emergency button. Sirens and alarms in all of the observatories around the world would now be ringing, data from the Spanish observatory was being sent around the planet so that everyone could check the data.

In Kevin’s workshop his alarm started to ring too. It had taken exactly 4 minutes to start an astronomical global emergency.

Kevin checked the data coming into his workshop from the Spanish Observatory, it confirmed his suspicions, Kevin had shrunk the moon... A lot.

Kevin had two options, say nothing and go on a very long holiday until all of this blew over, or Ring Manuel on the number sent at the end of the data stream and admit the cause.

He decided to come clean and make the phone call.

“Ola” said a voice on the other end of the line. Kevin explained in detail that the pebble was in fact the moon and it was his shrink ray experiment that had caused the moon to shrink, he explained that the weight was still the same so there would be no problems with tides and weather and all of  stuff that floats around in space.

When Kevin had finished there was silence at the other end of the phone line.

Then about 30 seconds later Manuel began to howl with laughter, he didn’t stop for long time.

<b>TO BE CONTINUED....</b>


