“Just pack a small bag.” Mrs Tingleberry said to her son Billy.
“How long will we be gone?” Billy replied.
“Only a day or so, just until the weather gets a bit better.”

Babs Tingleberry had been checking the weather every day, at this time of year it could be so unpredictable. This years storms looked to be starting earlier than ever, and by the look of the sky they were going to get a bad one very soon.

Babs, Billy and the rest of the family picked up there there cases and strode out into the open air. 
The wind had started to blow quiet hard and the driving rain had just begun, before they had gone more than a couple feet they were all soaking wet, it was a good job they had fur for coats.
 
Billy bent his head down away from the wind and started trudging away from the sea.
“Am I going the right way mum?” He asked.
“Yes lovely, just keep walking away from the sea”

Today was springletide in field-mouse speak, that meant that the sea was going to come further up the marsh than usual, and the wind was coming from the West so that meant that it would blow the tide further still.

The wind-lashed marsh in which they lived was bitterly cold and wet, bullrushes and grasses had been blown flat by the wind and now offered no protection from the incoming gale. They could see hundreds of other small animals coming out of their tiny homes and making the journey away from the incoming tide and to safety.

Billy stopped in his tracks, there was a shadow of a hawk on the ground in front of him, in a flash he darted for cover.
The bird swooped and missed him by a whisker.
Billy was safe for the time being, he took the time to look around, there were hawks everywhere, they filled the sky with their dark feathery silhouettes. He glanced over his shoulder the way he had come and saw the sea fast approaching, he would have to make a run for it and he would have to do it soon.

He waited as long as he possibly could, he left his little case and made a dash for freedom. 
The hawk that had originally swooped spotted Billy and made another dive for him, he missed again, but he was closer this time, the birds talons almost touched Billy and he froze in terror.
The bird wheeled in the air and this time he got him. Billy was picked up and carried off into the fields by the sea.

Billy started to wriggle and shake and twist and turn in the birds grip, the grip slipped and Billy dropped, he landed in a tangle of grass and scrub and made a dash for deeper cover, he was a lucky field-mouse today, now he just needed top find the rest of his family.


