I won the lottery once, and it didn’t change me one bit.
Everyone says this when they win, but it does, people change their friends, they change the way they act with others, they talk differently. They just change.
I didn’t though. This is my story.

It started as an ordinary Saturday, I got up and had breakfast then went for a bit of a swim with the girls. 
On the way home we went shopping. When we walked in to the shop there was an old lady blocking the door, she looked a bit like a gypsy fortune teller with the shawl and shiny jewellery. 
I said “‘scuse me” and walked past, as I got level with her i tripped and stumbled into her. I said “Sorry” but she looked awfully cross. I thought nothing more of it.
I got the stuff we needed and a lottery ticket. I left the shop and heard a little voice behind me say “That might be a winner, boy.” It was the old woman, her face broke into a sly smile as I walked away.

We sat down that evening as the lottery show was starting. I wasn’t really paying attention.
The girls checked the numbers as the man on the telly read them out.
“Good luck,” he said, “we start with number 7. It’s the 44th time this has been a main ball”.
“We’ve got one” one of the girls said.
“32, an uncommon one this, not been drawn for 2 years”.
“And another” 
“46.....”, “10.....”
“And that’s 2 more, Dad! look, look!!!”
I stopped to see what the excitement was about.
“We’ve got 4 numbers so far”, said the youngest.
“9.....”, “42.....”
“Dad, We’ve won, We’ve won” both girls were jumping up and down with excitement.
“Early indication shows that there is one winner for this draw, winning over £10.3Million”

What was I to do? this was a life changing amount of money. Who should I tell? What should I tell them? Should I call my boss and tell him I quit?
All of these thoughts were rushing around my head.

I put the ticket in my wallet for safe keeping. I was going to call the lottery in the morning.

I didn’t sleep well that night, I tossed and turned, I must have woke up every hour, but eventually the dawn arrived, I waited until the lottery phone lines opened and made the call.

“Hi” I said, “I think I’ve won last nights big one”
“OK sir, let’s just check your ticket shall we, what are your numbers please?”
I read them out. “7, 9, 10, 32, 42 and 46”
“Thank you sir, I’ll check that for you now”
There was a long pause and then a quiet voice on the other end of the phone said, “I’m terribly sorry sir, those are last weeks numbers.”

So you see, when I say it didn’t change me, I was telling the truth. That fortune teller got me good.
 

 