Mike Fish doesn’t know this yet, but the underpants that his mum bought him from the market are magic. 

They were bought at a rug stall, the owner said that the material was left over from a carpet he made for some bloke who had a nice shiny lamp. Nobody knew this but the underpants had the ability to take the wearer anywhere, they just needed to say the magic word and off they would go.

Mike was sat in the most boring maths lesson of his life, he was learning about triangles and Pythagoras. “Who on earth needed to know how to work out how long the short side of a triangle was?” he thought to himself.
Then muttered under his breath “Pythagoras is so boring.”
It was at this point his underpants started to buzz and vibrate. Mike looked up with an expression of shock as if he had just been sting by a bee on his bum.
A few seconds later the pants stopped buzzing and everything returned to normal.

At lunch time Mike told his friend Pete what had happened, it was a long time before Pete stopped laughing.
“You’re such a dork Mike.” Pete sniggered. “Buzzing undies. HA HA HA”
“It’s not funny ya doofus, I was scared stiff, anyway it made the boring Pythagoras lesson more interesting.” 
The underpants started again, loud enough for Pete to hear and it caused him to laugh like a drain for the second time in as many minutes.
“Was that it?” Pete said. “The look on your face is priceless.”
“Yeah, it was the same as last time, I just said Pythagoras was boring and my pants went crazy.”
And as he said it again, the pants started to buzz and vibrate now too.
“That’s the third time, it must be when I say ‘Pythaga....’” Mike stopped himself just in time.
The two boys looked at each other, “It’s a magic word.” They said together.
“Wow” said Mike, I’ve got magic pants.
“Bzzzzzzz” giggled Pete. “Who can we tell?”
“Don’t you dare Pete, I’m chucking them as soon as I get home.”

Mike’s mum was in the kitchen when he got home. “How was your day sweetie?” She said.
“Weird.” He said, “We did this thing called Pythaga...” Mike stopped himself just before he finished the word, “it was so boring.” 
As he spoke those words the underpants started again.
“You OK Mikey?” His mum asked while looking worried.
“It’s not Pythagoras”, he said.
“What? You look like you’ve seen a ghost?”
“Nothing, I want to go to my room” and with that, the underpants picked Mike up with a little too much force and banged his head into the kitchen ceiling, then dragged him along the wall to the stairs, hitting each one as went, Mike was pulled sideways into his room and finally flung onto his bed. He screamed all the way. 

It turned out that “boring” was the magic word all along.

