Margaret Bovis had been looking for something for a very long time, she lost it 40 years ago and had been searching for it ever since, this is why she was like she was.

She was pleasant, she was polite and friendly, but she had a compulsion -  Margaret was a hoarder, she never threw anything away, no matter how old, broken or useless it appeared to be she would give it a home, and she was making her collection bigger by the day. 
Margaret lived in a large house, her living room was full of old newspapers and magazines from before they were printed in colour. Her kitchen was full of cracked cups, chipped crockery and bent spoons that she had no need for.
Her garden was filled with bent and cracked plastic chairs that wouldn’t support the weight of a small child let alone a fully grown man or woman.
In her 5 bedrooms there were mountains of cushions and pillows and piles of clothes that had only ever been worn once or twice.
But this was only the tip of the iceberg, in her cellar she had hundreds, if not thousands of toys, games, cards and jigsaws that had pieces missing, but they weren’t entirely useless.

You see, just like a pile of socks are all odd until you get a match, a pile of broken games with missing pieces is just that, until you find the missing car for your 1st edition Monopoly set, or the Ace of spades from a pack of playing cards they are just odd little pieces of games that have no purpose, but when you get that piece, the game becomes whole again and it gets a new lease of life.

Margaret spent most of her time pushing an old shopping trolley up and down the streets of her town looking for HER missing piece, the trolley had a rusty rear wheel that squeaked annoyingly every time she went around a left turn, in this trolley she collected all of the broken toys from the bins in the neighbourhood. People didn’t seem to mind, and if they did. She just gave them a smile and then asked nicely, nobody ever said she couldn’t have their rubbish.

Today though was going to be a different day, she had pushed her trolley passed a skip in the road, there were workmen throwing lots of stuff away. Margaret asked if she could have a look.
“Be my guest love, It’s all rubbish, we’ve been clearing an attic.”
“One man’s muck is another man’s brass” Margaret said, and she started to dig.
This skip was a treasure trove, there was missing pieces from Monopoly, Cluedo, mousetrap, Cards from Uno and lots more, and there inside a box of risk was the piece she had been looking for for all of these years - a single white pawn from a wooden chess set - Margaret’s eyes grew misty and she began to cry, her hunt was over.