Eagle 10 had been sat on the launch pad for a week, the weather had been bad for the last few days and it had threatened the launch, but the technical and science crews had continued to prepare the rocket for the agency’s most important mission so far, and now it was only 10 seconds from starting it’s journey.

The flight crew and colonists had been carefully picked from a long list of applicants and only the best of the best had been allowed through each stage of the selection process, people from all walks of life had applied and the agency had been given a tough job to choose who would be right for each phase of the mission.

Eagle 10 was essentially a big bus, it could house enough people, supplies and resources to create a medium size colony on any suitable planet, this trip though was to continue with the population increase on Mars. The ship was taking another 870 volunteers to the red planet, and then it would continue into deep space to begin its primary mission. It was heading to Centauri Prime, this was the nearest star cluster to our solar system and even with the new sub-light drive it would take a decade to get there.

“Have you heard the chatter in the cockpit” said Jim, Jim was flight control and had charge of the systems once Eagle 10 had left the ground.
“Yeah, but Dave is RAF trained and can single handedly fly this ship, I don’t see Roger’s issue”, Bert replied, he was mission Director, “Pull the file on Dave and see if we missed anything.”
“No time, Bert. We’ve only got 5 seconds until launch, should I abort?”
“Absolutely not, there is nothing that can stop this mission, the launch window is too small as it is, we will have to wait another 2 years before we get this opportunity again.”

Jim pulled up the file on the computer in front of him, he took one look at Dave and immediately realised the problem, in the same split second the speaker in front of him squawked to life.
“Ramsgate, we have a problem” this was the voice of Roger Sharpe, mission commander of Eagle 10.

“It’s the wrong Dave, What do we tell him.” Jim asked Bert.
“Tell him the truth, he needs to know, but we’re not stopping this launch.”

“This is mission control, yeah, err, we’re sorry about that, it would appear that we mixed up your Dave with another Dave, the one you have is supposed to board a scram jet rocket test flight bound for Oz, he spectacularly failed the testing and he’s been given a job as cabin crew with BrianAir.”

“OK, understood, can we pause countdown and maybe get him evacuated off this vessel before it becomes a problem for the Missi...

Before he could finish, the Eagle 10 Colony builder rocket bound for Mars and beyond blasted off the launch pad. 


