Do you know what a truffle is? Do you know where to find them? I ask this because my dog doesn’t know the answer to either question.

Truffles are little fruits of a fungus that grows underground at the base of oak trees, it lives with the worms and the beetles and the maggots; don’t they sound utterly delightful? 
In a lot of countries, people go mad for truffles, they are very expensive and posh people like to eat them. Don’t get me wrong, they’re not as bad as whelks or snails or tripe, but if you think about it, you could argue that they have the same status as a mouldy carrot or a spud.
In those countries, people normally use pigs to find the truffles, but if you have an unusually clever dog they can do the same, I thought maybe I could train my dog to search for these and then I’d sell them and make scullions of pounds and never work again, but…

Charlie (my dog) is not a clever dog, sometimes when asked, she (yes she’s a girl) may sit, but this might be a coincidence because she might just fancy a sit.
Most of the time I think that she’s as deaf as post, or just hears what she wants to.
The problem may also be that she speaks Greek and not English, but there’s not a great deal I can do about that.

The language barrier is not the only problem, she may not have a taste for truffles, but she does manage to find, eat and destroy other things.

If you’re ever looking for a sock or a shoe, she’ll have it. You may have heard of the sock monster, but in our house that is not the only culprit.
If you’ve lost your glasses, she will find them… and eat them.
If you leave a charging cable lying around, well next time you see it, it will be in her poop…

Now, one thing she can find is a noodle, specifically a bowl of noodles covered in chicken pieces and sweet chilli sauce, more specifically - My noodles. 
You don’t even have to ask her to look. 
One minute they are there, resting nicely on a plate or in a bowl, and the next they have vanished and have gone to noodle heaven with no visible sign of them ever having existed in the first place, no smudge on the plate, no food around Charlie’s face and she isn’t even chewing.
The only thing that indicates they were once there is a divine smell of delicious sauce that was going to be part of your well-deserved tea.

It’s as if they have been transported to another dimension or inhaled in the stomach of our dog, I suspect it’s the latter as she stops pestering for snacks for a couple of minutes afterwards.

She is partial to a bowl of spaghetti too and chasing squirrels.

But finding truffles, not a hope.


