It was a cold Tuesday morning in March when Tuff Nutt fell into a dustbin, he was searching for fruit and seeds to eat when he got the strongest smell of nuts he had ever had, Spring was a difficult time for red squirrels, all of the nuts they had buried had started to grow into plants and they all tasted like wood, Tuff only liked trees for climbing and sleeping in, they were most definitely not for eating.

The bin was almost empty so it had been a long drop to the bottom, luckily for Tuff he landed head first into a bag of sandwiches.
Tuff saw stars and staggered around the bottom of the bin, he sat down in the corner to recover, he was going to have a bad headache in the morning.

When he got up Tuff realised he was really hungry now, he found the bag of sandwiches that he had landed on ripped it open with his sharp teeth, the smell of nuts was really strong now, and he recognised the smell, it was catnip for squirrels, it came in a jar and it was called Nuttier Spread.
He ate a sandwich, then he ate another then he ate 3 more, he could still smell the spread but there was nothing left to eat in the bin, he was contemplating gnawing a hole in the side of the bin when he fell asleep.

When he woke he stretched and touched both sides of the bin, had it shrunk while he slept? He opened his eyes and saw that the opening he fell through was a lot closer.
He stood up and found he could reach the lid, he tried to push it and it fell easily. Tuff jumped up and out of the bin and over the next door fence and on to the top of the house next door, he was really strong now, “Wow!” He thought. 
He dropped off the roof and saw his reflection in the window of a caravan, Tuff was enormous too.
“What had happened while slept?” He pondered.
Tuff got another strong whiff of Nuttier and followed his nose, there in an industrial skip was a job lot of Nuttier jars. Tuff called all his red squirrel friends and they got stuck in...

A year later, all of the squirrels in this part of town were enormous, they looked like kangaroos with bushy tails and tufty ears, they had chased all of the grey squirrels away, as well as the chipmunks and groundhogs, they were now the equivalent of tiger in the jungle and they got to eat as many nuts and berries as they liked, and as a result of this they spread like wildfire.

And that’s how, 400 years in the future, the Red squirrel returned from the brink of extinction, helped by some DNA mutations within a rogue strain of nut flavoured chocolate spread, and the fact that grey squirrels can’t fight for toffee.