Every washing machine and every tumble dryer, before it leaves the factory is fitted with a goblin, you either get a goblin that turns clothes red or one that makes socks disappear.

This is the tale of Gobby the sock goblin, and the only thing that he had to do was make socks disappear. Gobby enjoyed his job but he wasn’t very good at it, 

The family he lived with had 5 kids and they liked to get dirty, this meant that the washing machine was always on, and there was always a sock to have a go at. The problem was Gobby only managed to make parts of socks disappear. Essentially one sock comes out looking like Swiss cheese.

“MUM!!”, shouted Fran, “The washing machine has done it again, my favourite sock is full of holes.”
Fran was the youngest in the house, and she was usually the dirtiest, she was a proper Tomboy, she liked to climb around with her older brothers and was always the first to try something new.

Mum didn’t answer so Fran stuck her head inside the washing machine to see if she could see anything that was causing the socks to come out with holes in them.

As she stuck her head inside she thought that she saw a pair of little legs disappear into soap dispenser pipe. “Oi.” She said as she looked a little closer, she saw nothing.
Confused, she opened the soap draw and saw a little pair of hands drop off the back.
“Hey! Come back you” 

Gobby was trying to hide inside the washing machine, he was very scared. He was convinced that the little girl had seen him but they were supposed to be invisible, he’d heard stories before about things called ‘children’ and them being able to see Goblins, but he thought that had just been monster stories to scare the goblin babies. 

“I saw you, you know.” Said Fran. “Come out. I won’t hurt you, and there’s no point hiding from me I WILL keep looking and I WILL find you, even if it means taking this machine apart.”

Gobby thought for a minute. He didn’t have anywhere else to hide, and the child did say that it wouldn’t hurt him.

Gobby stuck his head up from inside the soap dispenser, he was still out of reach, or so he thought. Fran could definitely see him now and she was armed with a pair of salad tongs, and she was ready and waiting

Fran darted quickly with the tongs and picked up Gobby by the back of his coat, “Gotcha” she said, and dropped him into a large round glass planting jar with a lid made out of cork. She put the lid back on. “Let’s see you destroy my socks now ya little imp”.

Fran placed the bowl on the kitchen windowsill while she pondered what she would do with her prisoner.

Gobby looked worried but he immediately began plotting his escape.