With a swoosh of her dazzling giraffe patterned cape, Oobly the giraffe wizard entered the room, everyone cheered. The atmosphere was full of giddy excitement and expectation, it had been this way for most of the day, the final festival of the year was almost over and all that remained was the wizards final show of the day.

Oobly raised up her hands to silence the room, the room slowly but surely went quiet for the first time that day and the crowds expectation began to grow. Oobly started to whisper an incantation, a spell so powerful that nobody in the room could resist it’s power, a magic that so irresistible that even the hardiest of her subjects would be under her power in moments. 

Oobly rubbed her hands together and as she did scented plumes began to rise from her hands, soon she was enveloped in a lavender scented cloud, the lights dimmed and then brightened, pulsating as the chanting grew more intense, the cloud of sweet smelling aroma thickened and the smell of lavender got stronger and stronger.

The crowd joined in with the rhythmical noise and before long the aroma filled the entire room. The noise got louder, the lights changed, from red, to purple to dark blue and then back to red. All of a sudden, in a single instance it stopped.
Silence replaced the noise, a darkness replaced the flashing lights and the crowd held it’s breath as if something exciting was about to happen, all that remained was the pungent smell of lavender.

The room stayed as it was for a little while, nobody moving, nobody talking. Then over the deafening silence a soft gentle noise could be heard, it started softly at first, just from a single place. It was the sound of gentle snoring. It got louder until all of the people in the room were sound asleep, and by all the people, I mean both girls, for this was the wind down after a particularly frantic and wild Christmas day. 

The big man had been and delivered what could only be described as the percussion section of a big band; Oobly really needed to speak to her husband to make sure that they are on the same page next year; maybe a teddy bear each, or a set of pencils would be nice.

Oobly the Giraffe Wizard slowly took small steps backwards, tiptoeing silently, not making a noise as she tried to avoid the squeaky floor of the kids bedroom. The door closed with a tiny *snick* of the latch and that was the bedtime routine finished for another night.

And that incantation that put the entire room to sleep; it goes like this…
“snooze my pretties, let’s count the sheep… one, two, three, four….”, but don’t stop when you get to four. Christmas is exciting, lavender and sheep have an awful lot of work to do to combat the exuberance of youth, they need your help.



