Barbara Munder was a professional, a professional sleeper.
It was a special kind of job and one that requires a unique set of skills.
Firstly you need to be able to fall asleep at the drop of a hat, 
second, you need to be able to remember all of your dreams,
third, you absolutely cannot snore, and finally you must be able to wake up at a moments notice and be able to rate your last sleep.
Sounds simple? But consider this.
Sleeping was Barbara Munder’s day job, Imagine having to sleep all day at a moments notice. It was really tiring so Barbara had to make sure she got a really good nights sleep before work.

She worked for a company that sold smelly stuff that helps your mood. The boffins where she worked would make a smell and she would test it to understand what it did to her mood, did it help her sleep, did it help her dream, did it make her happy or sad?

Barbara was one of a team of professional sleepers at “Smells like Dream Spirit”, and she used to be the best.

Barbara still slept at a moments notice, she didn’t snore, she remembered dreams but she couldn’t rate her sleep. 
The problem was simple, the sheep in her dreams had all gone. She used them to determine her mood, or rather she determined her mood from the mood of the sheep.
She didn’t know how to fix the problem, if she went to a doctor they would say that she was sleeping too much and to take a break from it, they would suggest loud music, or vigorous exercise or even extreme sports. The most strenuous thing she currently did was extreme crochet.

Barbara decided the only she could get back to normal was to go and find the sheep.

She booked a day off from work and went home... to sleep.
She made herself a warm milk and wrapped herself up in her most comfortable duvet.
Within minutes she was in a dreamworld all of her own.
She started calling “Here sheepy, sheepy, sheep’s. Come to Babs”, there was nothing. She looked in fields and over hills, she peeked in sheds and houses and beside rivers and lakes. She examined behind rocks and in caves, she peered everywhere.

In her dream, she sat down in a field of purple sunflowers to think. 
Barbara noticed movement out of the corner of her eye, there was a sheep, and another, then 3 more. Before she knew it she was surrounded by hundreds of fluffy sheep.

“Where have you been?” She asked, “Why did you go?”

Larry (because all male sheep are called Larry) spoke for them all.
“That last time we were here there was an awful smell, we had to get away from it” 
“Oh,” replied Barbara, a little embarrased “I’m ever so sorry, I’d asked the scientist to make a stink bomb for my nephew, we were testing it.”