Slug was a slug, he was one of 47 brothers and sisters, they were all called Slug, and so were his mum and dad.
This made conversations quiet difficult when they were all together, but it saved a load of money on labels for school uniforms and PE kits.
Slug’s best friend was called Dave, Dave was a slug too, they lived in a small damp garden and it was heaven.
The only problem was the wind, it howled down the side of the house and swirled around the garden. Slug and Dave didn’t like the wind it dried out the slime on their skin and made them feel really cold.

Today was a particularly windy day and Slug and Dave had seriously dry and chapped skin. They would need to borrow some ‘Soil of Ulay’ from Slug’s sister later.
“It’s no good Slug” Said Dave, “We need to stop this wind somehow.”
“Has your dad got any tools?” Asked Slug.
“Some.” Dave said, “Have you had one of your ideas?” 
“Maybe.” Replied Slug, “Come on.”

They both slithered off to Dave’s house, this was on the other side of the garden so it took a little while, by the time they got there it was almost tomorrow.
They looked in Dave’s Dad’s garage and until they found what they were looking for. 
Slug picked up a hammer and chisel and started working on the side of a big pebble.

Dave’s dad came out at some point and ask what they were doing, it was disturbing the kids bedtime.
“Dunno” Dave said. 
“You’ll see soon,” Slug said “Sorry ‘bout the noise”
But Slug didn’t stop, he just kept on banging and scraping and chiseling.
Soon there was a hole starting to appear in the side of the pebble and a small pile of dust was scattered all over the floor.
“You’re making a right mess.” Said Dave.
“Yep.” Slug replied, and he carried on with his scratching and rubbing and banging.

This carried on all night, which isn’t really a problem because slugs sleep during the day, and then he carried on all day too.
Slug eventually put down his tools and slid back to admire his work.
“There.” He said.
Dave had been asleep, he slowly woke from his slumber, “Ugh, finished?”
“Sure is. Try it for size.”
Slug rolled the pebble over so it was now sat on it’s bottom. There were what looked like two holes on the bottom. Slug slithered into one of them. “Cmon Dave, Get in the other side”
Dave looked confused but slurbled over to the pebble, he slid under and into the hole, turned round inside and then stuck his head out just like Slug had done.
“Problem solved.” Said Slug, “wait till the rest of the gang see this.”
“Awesome.” Replied Dave, “no more dry skin.”

Just then Sally sidled past, she looked at Slug and Dave and then did a double take. “Aaaah, a two headed snail” She screamed.

