Brian Cobblenut was a disgusting child, he was rude, he was obnoxious, he was grimy and he had horrible habits.
He interrupted when people were talking, he bit his nails, and talked with his mouth full, he didn’t wash is hands when he went to the loo or flush the toilet, but the worst thing by far was that he constantly had a finger up is nose.

His parents despaired, they tried their best to get him to be nice, but to no avail. 

One day whilst out with his mum and dad, Brian had started digging around in his nose and came across a particularly pleasing lump of snot. It was hard but stuck solid. This was the best kind of snot because it meant that Brian had to work really hard to get it out.
It wouldn’t have been so bad if they were all in the back of the car or in the middle of nowhere, but today Brian’s parents were celebrating there wedding anniversary, and at that particular time all 3 of them, along with Brian’s gran and his uncle Trevor were sat in an extremely upmarket restaurant waiting for their main courses to arrive.

Brian had managed a wash today and looked almost presentable, but as he dug, all eyes in the restaurant turned towards him to see what he was doing.

“Stop that right now!” His dad commanded, “you’re head will cave in.” Brian’s dad used to say things like this because he thought they were funny. Brian thought that it made him sound daft.

Brian didn’t stop, instead he doubled his efforts in order to snag the hard lump of snot in order to drag it from his nose so that it could be examined in detail. Only then would it be wiped on the under-side of the table for some unfortunate cleaner to find or put in his mouth and eaten. Brian tried to avoid the latter in public as he knew it was really frowned upon. Even Brian had some standards.

Brian was working so hard he started to get out of breath and frustrated. He was just about to stop and admit defeat - for the time being - when the thing in his nose loosened. That was all the encouragement that Brian needed. He grabbed the end of the lump of snot between his finger and thumb and started to pull, gently at first and then with increased speed.

As it turned out the ball of snot wasn’t a ball at all, it was a long, stretchy, oozy, gloopy length of green mucus that was never ending. He pulled and pulled until it was the length of his arm. 

His parents looked on in disgust as the snot string got longer and longer.

Then it snapped and landed with a squelch on the exact spot his burger and chips had just been placed.

Brian started to cry, it was the last time he picked his nose for a long time.