On the far side of the moon they waited. They could cross that distance in the blink of a human eye.
From across this tiny void of space they watched, biding their time for the perfect moment, and it would come soon they hoped.
For hundreds of years the entire Sarnann species had stayed in the same place, just out of sight of planet earth, hiding in the shadows on the dark side of the moon. They never expected to be there long.
They had never been seen, they had never been detected, no-one had even suspected that they were there.

Across the void, the people of earth were going about their business, unknowing of the race of aliens that could wipe out this planet in a heartbeat. 

The Sarnanns thought that the time would have come already, this was the longest they had ever had to wait, but they thought that within the next few earth days they would see their plan complete.

Apollo 47 lifted off from the global space force mission control. Captain Blizzard and his crew soared easily through light fluffy clouds on what was an otherwise perfect day for a rocket launch.
First separation happened perfectly and their booster was ejected. The main rocket motor fired and catapulted them to the edge of space, 3 minutes after take off and the main rocket was jettisoned and they were now weightless in a man-made metal cocoon, just big enough for 4 people. With them they carried a lunar module lander and a small 3 wheeled buggy to get around in. They quickly passed the space station on their way to the moon and they waved as they did. This was the first lunar mission for over 50 years.

380,000Km away the Sarnanns watched the launch in eager anticipation, when the ship passed by the space station they knew that their next phase was about to start, they tracked the tiny ship as it crossed the small void of space to it’s lunar neighbour, and they waited a little more, they had all the time in the world now.

The Sarnanns tracked and plotted the exact trajectory of the tiny ship over the next 3 days, they knew exactly where it would land, and they were waiting.
The lander separated from the main craft, Captain Blizzard carefully inched it down toward the lunar surface, careful not to use up their precious cargo of fuel.
5, 4, 3, 2, 1, Touchdown of Apollo 47 lander and its crew.
Another hour of preparation and they were ready to leave the vessel. They opened the door and stepped out, as the captain placed his left foot on the lunar surface, he saw a terrible sight.
A Sarnann warlord standing directly in front of him, with what can only an outstretched finger pointing in his direction.

Blizzard was touched by the alien and a booming voice came from the 3 legged form.

“Tick” he said. “You’re it.”


