It took ages to get from one side to the other, and the journey was not normally that adventurous, but this trip was a little different, there was a storm brewing and there was no way to avoid it.

The tiny ship had started it’s journey and the water had been lovely and warm, probably too hot to swim in, but it was still very nice. It was starting to get murky now and the water was turning a deep brown, and it had started to cool a little.
A huge bag had floated to the surface and it looked to be full of big brown leaves, the trick now was to avoid that and any other debris that was sure to appear.

Four whole minutes later, and that was a very long time, a large metal object was seen on the horizon, it started moving, slowly at first, but then quicker and quicker, it was in front of the ship one moment, and behind the next. For what seemed like seconds the metal object twisted in the water, it moved so fast that it made a whirlpool that sucked the bag back below the very dark brown water.

Then the torrential rain started, it was not like normal rain, this was white rain, it came down fast and caused the water to bubble and froth, the surface was so rough that the tiny ship almost sank and would have been lost for ever.

Then the metal started to spin again, all of a sudden it stopped and then it was gone, lifted up back to where it came from, it took the huge bag of leaves with it and then peace resumed, the storm left the water a milky brown murky colour. The temperature of the water had dropped suddenly with the advent of the rain and it was now a much nicer temperature to swim in.

A number of passengers jumped in and had a swim for a while until the captain of the ship called them back on board, one of the passengers had taken a mouthful of the water and was complaining that it tasted funny.

The whirlpool had stopped, the surface was calm and ship was making really good progress, there was no sign of a repeat of the bad weather and the captain proclaimed that the rest of the journey would be plain sailing.

The captain was wrong, not long after the water calmed and settled there was a black and white cloud that came into view, one of the children said it looked like a big cow, another said it was a like a fluffy sheep, a third said was a dog. The cloud got closer until the passengers realised it was an actual massive dog. The dog stuck it’s tongue into the water and started to scoop it up, the sea got choppy and then everything went very dark indeed, the tiny ship was never seen again.


