Kevin and Molly looked dejected. Their attempt to make the moon big again had failed.
They were preparing to try again when Molly had a nasty thought, if the enlarging ray had missed the moon then what had it hit?
They checked their instruments very carefully but found nothing out of the ordinary, maybe they were in the clear.

As they were about to press the trigger for a second time, a message came over the loud speakers. “Ms. Burghart, please don’t pull the trigger, we have had another idea.”
The voice they heard came from Bert Gerber, he was the site director and one of the cleverest men that Molly knew. “I will be with you shortly to explain.”

4 days, 3 hours and 20 minutes after Kevin shrunk the moon they put their final plan into action.
Captain Blizzard strode into the room looking smug. After his mission to the moon he had been retired to a desk. He had come back from his trip with a fantastical story about aliens and games of tag. NASA thought he had a case of space madness.

“I told you there were aliens didn’t I?” The captain said, “and you thought I was mad”.
Bert Gerber explained the plan to the team. They were to get closer to the moon where they would have a better chance of hitting it. Kevin and Molly were to prepare for space travel with Captain Blizzard. They would be launching in the next hour, just as soon as the rocket was ready.

Not long after Bert had explained the plan they heard a deep rumble outside, the air was filled with static, the ground shook and a deep orange light filled the sky. Their rocket had arrived. Kevin looked outside, he was amazed at the sight before him, this wasn’t an earth rocket, this was a Sarnann ship.

They walked to a patch of light on the floor and were immediately transported into the control room of the ship, they stood there in amazement and were greeted by the Sarnann warlord that had first met Captain Blizzard, he welcomed them in a very deep voice that boomed around the ship.

As they took off from Earth, Molly and Kevin felt like they were a very fast lift, the trip to the moon was over extremely quickly, within moments they were orbiting the small rock and preparing to shoot it with Kevin’s gun.
The gun was mounted in the armoury and connected to the Sarnann ships targeting system.
Kevin checked the ray gun, he had to make sure that they were the exact opposite to the shrink ray. He selected [Super-Giga-Massive-Huge] and then they were ready.
The Sarnann warlord confirmed that the target was dead centre and they pulled the trigger.

A red light emitted from the ray gun and the moon was back again, as large as life.

Kevin was over the moon, he was a spaceman after all.