“Home schooling is the answer.” They said.
“What could go wrong?” They said.
“It’ll be easy.” They said.

And how wrong could they have been.

It’s day one and so far we have had a fire drill, 2 detentions and few minor hissy fits.

There are 2 children that come to this school, they are both girls.
The eldest has a brilliant mind and a bad attitude, I’m going to call her ‘Kevin’
The younger of the 2 also has a brilliant mind and is sassy, this one I will call ‘Perry’.
Each of them think that I prefer the other, but on numerous occasions I have told them I dislike them both equally.

At 9 we took a register, apparently I did it wrong. I should have done alphabetically, but I did it by age. It’s the same either way, I just picked the wrong way.

At 9:30 I was told it was time for a break, “We have one in school at this time, we get toast.” Said Kevin.
They didn’t get toast at home school because they could probably still taste the breakfast that they had only finished 45 minutes before.

At 10 they both decided it was toilet time, they argued for 10 minutes about who should go first.
They couldn’t agree so toilet time didn’t happen either, and they didn’t mention it again until after lunch.
We did some lessons until the real break time and then they both complained that we had fruit and not blue Smarties or Slushies or some other equally sugary snack full of ‘E’ numbers.
To be fair, neither of them need ‘E’ numbers to turn into animals, it just comes naturally, and they generally synchronise their rage.
Queue the 1st outburst, Kevin wanted to look at the scissors, but Perry was already looking at them, and it’s not possible for them both to do the same thing without a fight.

So we split them up for a bit, it turns out that when they are apart they do actually want to do the same thing at the same, or that causes a different fight.
Queue the 2nd outburst and the reason for the fire drill and 2 detentions.
The day quickly descended into chaos, threats of banged heads and loss of screen time didn’t work, so I took the decision to end school early and put the TV on. I’m going to let the BBC take the strain.

I’ve also decided not to have detentions as it would mean I spend more time than absolutely necessary with the cherubs. 

Then a number of thoughts struck me...

Kids need a volume control, or an on/off switch.
The decision I took not to be a teacher was most definitely the right one.
Is this where William Golding got the idea for Lord of the flies?
Teachers should be paid £1,000,000.
Do teachers drink gin in their lunch break? They should be encouraged to.


