Steam trains are the best form of transport, they’re noisy and dirty and smelly at the front, much like the back end of a pig. I’m guessing that’s how you would tell one from the other, and only one of them would eat a potato.

Malcolm Cooper was an inspector with Scotland Yard and he had been called into to solve the case of the missing potatoes from Jack Snacklebrooks farm.
Farmer Snacklebrook had called the police daily for the past 2 weeks complaining that his newly harvested potatoes had been going missing in the middle of the night.

Inspector Cooper turned up at the beginning of the third week and started to investigate. “This.” He said to Jack, “would be an open and shut case”. That meant he thought it would be easy to solve.

Snacklebrook farm had a railway that ran through the middle of it, it was only used for tourists on long summer days and when something need taking from one local town to another, harvest time was one such time of year.

That night Malcolm hid himself away in the corner of the potato shed, wrapped himself in a warm blanket and waited for the potato thief to turn up. He could hear the cargo train chugging along the track between Clumpton and Huffham, it was somewhat soothing and the gentle chuff as it went passed the farm made Malcolm sleepy.

The next thing he knew he heard a commotion in the shed and woke up just in time to see a very large pig running out of the shed with a sack full of newly picked potatoes on his back.

I’ll try again tomorrow thought Malcolm, I know what I’m looking for now. 

The following night he sat in the same place, he didn’t put on the blanket and he made sure he had a hot coffee in a flask next to him - he wasn’t going to nod off this time.

A couple of hours later, the train could be heard again, Malcolm drank his hot coffee so he could  stay awake. Surprisingly he heard the train stop. A couple of minutes later he heard the gate on the end of the shed squeak open and he spotted the same pig as the previous night, the pig sneaked into the shed, picked up a sack of potatoes and started heading back to the way he had come.

“Halt, Stop right there” shouted Malcolm in his biggest, fiercest policeman voice. “Stop now, in the name of the law”

The pig stopped, and in the dim light Malcolm could see him drop the sack, and then he stood up on his back legs.

The pig wasn’t a pig at all, but a man in a costume. 
Malcolm put the man in handcuffs and took him away, as he led him to the police car he said,
“Obviously, I knew you weren’t a real pig, They’re smelly at the back”


