It all started in the kitchen one hot and sunny morning when the chef didn't turn up for work.
It wasn't a busy kitchen, but the food was nice and the staff were friendly*.

A lorry had just turned up outside, it had the name 'Veg a Plenty' on the side in big green letters. Lots of lorries came every day, there was one for Vegetables and salad stuff (this one), one for meat; that was called 'Sweet Meats', and another one that was called 'Carbo-Tastic', they brought bread and pasta.

"Hiya luv," said the driver as he handed the paperwork over. "Sorry, but we’ve had to make a few substitutions, we can’t get tomatoes, so we've brought extra Spring onions, we have no peas or carrots, so we've swapped that for spring onions too. And the beans you need won't be here until next Tuesday so we’ve put some spring onions on instead. I hope you don't mind?"

This is where the real problem began, there are 3 people in the kitchen today, Jay, Jo and Jen, this is what happened after the delivery.
"Right then," said Jay, she’s the boss, not quite a trained chef. "Who knows how to make a curry?”
"Chef does.” Jo and Jen replied together, "Jinks!" They said, and giggled. Now neither of them can speak until someone says their full names. Which at a different time or in a different place might be a blessing.

"Grow up you two" Jay said, as her eyes rolled into the top of her head.
"Jen, you chop up the spring onions and make a base for a curry" she continued.
"What?" Jen answered, "How?"
"Just use a sharp knife, chop the onions and heat them in a pan, please be careful.”
"A what?"
"A knife!! It"s a long metal thing."
"This?" Jen asked, showing Jay a fish slice.
"No, I think that’s a spatula, a knife is shiny and sharp."
"Oh, you mean this then." Jen produced a cheese grater.
"Erm, no!" That's used for grating things.
Jen looked around for a while, "this? I'm not sure it'll cut anything though."
"And that’s a skewer" Said Jay, she was looking a little glum.
"Cheer up, I'll use this." Jen picked up a potato masher and proceeded to pound the life out of the spring onions in a frenzied attack. “Aaaaargh!!!!!” She screamed.
Soon there was a soggy green and white pile of mush on the counter.  
“That wasn’t a knife either Jen, just put what you have in a pan and cook it, maybe add some water, we’ll call it soup.”

And that was the only thing on the menu that day, it tasted just fine.

Then, as they were leaving for the day…

“I’ve found another bag of spring onions, what should I do
“Jeepers Jen, just keeping using the potato masher!!, no-one will ever notice.”



*Any similarity to any persons, past or present is purely co-incidental and most likely unintentional.


