Young Johnny thought he could fix anything, which is why when he came home from school he was going to mend the dripping tap in the kitchen, Johnny’s parents did not like him fixing things, but this time it started so well...

It’s easy stopping a tap dripping, you turn the supply off, change the washer in the tap and then turn the supply back on. What on earth could go wrong?

He went in to the garage to find his dad’s tools, and that is the end of it starting so well. 

He got the tool bag and looked inside, he found a rusty adjustable spanner, a screwdriver covered in paint, a broken pair of pliers and a 25 Metre swimming badge from when he was 6.

Johnny took the tools and went to the sink in the kitchen, he found the little tap in the cupboard in the water pipe. If he closed this the water would stop and he could fix the tap. Johnny turned the little tap off. The drip did not stop. He opened the tap anyway just to see if there was less water. There wasn’t.

He went to the cupboard by the front door to find the main tap. he found it and turned it off. There was still no difference.

Johnny remembered the metal hatch in the pavement outside his house, it had “Water” stamped on the top.
He went outside, lifted the cover and saw the tap. Johnny turned it off, walked back into the house and checked the kitchen tap. It was still dripping, he didn’t open the tap to check how much water there was though, he should have done.

Johnny used the screwdriver and flicked off the top of the cold water tap. He undid the screw inside and then using one of the rusty spanner’s he took the tap to pieces. As he turned the last turn of the spanner the pressure of the water blew the tap apart. Bits of tap were thrown all over the kitchen and water spurted to the kitchen ceiling and rained down all over the worktops and the floor and Johnny. 

Johnny put is hand over what was left of the tap but that just made the water spray everywhere else. 
He went under the sink to see if he could close the tap there a little bit more. He used a spanner and turned it as tight has he could. The pipe under the sink snapped and now the kitchen started to flood.

Johnny ran to the cupboard by the door and tried the same thing there. This time the main pipe broke. Within seconds the cupboard was filled with water and it was flowing all over the hall and living room and rising fast.

Johnny opened the front door to let the water out, as he did he saw his dad get washed away. “Well that escalated quickly”, Johnny thought. “I didn’t have a washer anyway”.



