I had a pet turtle once, her name was Myrtle. Everyday I would take her down to the beach and let her off the lead so she could go for a swim.
She loved two things, swimming and eating. Sometimes she would be gone for hours, but she always came back, usually being chased by an animal she had taken food from.

Myrtle ate anything, she could have her tea, and still be hungry, she would eat a snack and she would want more. She would shuffle into the kitchen and open cupboards with her beak to see if she could get some treats.

One day while as we walked to the beach she picked up some chewing gum from the pavement and began chewing, she carried on chewing until she went for her swim.
When she came back we walked home along the road and Myrtle found some more chewing gum. She chewed it all night, she didn’t want her tea, and she didn’t steal any treats, she just chewed gum.

I wasn’t worried to start with, but Myrtle started to eat less food and look for more gum to chew when we were on our daily walks.

Then one day she farted. We were in the kitchen and I was making her tea. The fart wasn’t like her usual fart, there was a small “shhhhh” sound and no smell, normally Myrtle smelt like a farmyard, this time when she farted Myrtle blew a bubble of gum from her bum.
Myrtle the turtle looked shocked, the bubble was about the size of a tennis ball to start with, but every time she farted it grew a little bit more, soon it was the size a football and steadily growing.

I did think that it might be an idea to pop it when she went to sleep, but nothing could prepare me for the rancid odour that would accompany the loud pop as the bubble burst. In the end I left it and hoped it would have popped in the night and everything would have returned to normal.

How wrong could I have been?
When I woke the next morning, the bubble was the size of a large box, and due to all of the methane Myrtle’s back end was floating a little off the floor, she looked a little shocked. I would have to take her to the vet to see what they could do. That was if she would be able to fit in the car.

I put the lead on my faithful friend and managed to coax her outside. That was when I made the mistake. I let go of the lead, only for a second while I opened the car door, when I turned round Myrtle had gone. She had just plain vanished.
I looked around but she wasn’t there. Then something above me caught my eye. Myrtle had floated away, she was last seen somewhere over the English channel heading for France. 


