Andy Sparklehands was an inventor, he liked to make fireworks, ‘Sparklehands’ wasn’t his real name, that was Smith, but the name “Andy Smith” does not sell fireworks.
His speciality was rockets that fizzed loudly as they rose up then exploded with a massive ball of sparks and a very, very loud bang.
The problem with trying to sell fireworks lately was that Andy’s customers were no longer content with a Catherine wheel and a couple of sparklers, they wanted the biggest bang and the brightest flash and highest flight.

Andy needed a new product, one that was more amazing than any that anybody had ever seen before, he needed a better fizz, a bigger explosion and a louder bang.
The problem that Andy had was that the chemicals he used to make fireworks we there same ones that every body else used, he just used a different recipe.

Andy needed to visit his friend Digger, he was a prospector - they are people that dig for things in the ground, Digger used to dig for gold and emeralds, but he looked for extremely precious elements now, the kind of things that Andy needed.

Digger lived down a dark alley in the middle of a busy city, it was the kind of place you would walk past if you didn’t know it was there, there was a permanent fog from the steam vents in the walls of the buildings and it appeared hidden from view.

Andy banged on Diggers door. A hatch opened, and a pair of beady eyes looked out. The door opened and Digger welcomed his friend with open arms.

“I need a fresh stash.” Said Andy, “Business is booming, but my customers just keep wanting more.”
“I have just the thing” Replied Digger, as he showed andy the latest rocks in his collection. “I call it ‘Un-obtainium’, I found it on my last trip to the Congo and locals had no idea what it was.”
Digger broke of the smallest piece. “Watch this” he said as he put it in the flame of a candle.
The element roared like a lion when it was exposed to the heat, it started to glow, red at first, then white and pink and yellow. All of the colours in the rainbow. 
Then it gave off little sparks. Finally it exploded in an amazing light show and showered sparks all over the floor.
“Now watch this.” Digger picked up one of the embers from the floor and put this back in the flame of the candle. The reaction was amazing, it whistled and sung, and flashed and popped.
“I call this ‘Afterglow’, but I’m going to think of a proper element name when I have some more thoughts.

Andy thought that this would make an amazing firework, he paid Digger - a lot of money - and left with a big lump of unobtainium.

He was going to have the most fun designing the latest firework for his portfolio.


