A holiday in the middle of the countryside was George’s favourite thing when he was growing up. The village his grandmother lived in was the kind of place where there were no street lights and no other houses close by, and It was normally very dark at night. 

In the winter you could see millions of stars and constellations. The night time sky was incredibly beautiful, and because Nancy lived in the middle of nowhere there was no noise from traffic, or anything else for that matter.

One winters night, George was woken by bright lights outside his bedroom window. He could hear a strange noise that seemed to accompany them, it was a whirring noise that seemed to rise and fall in pitch like a very quite police siren. The lights seemed to changed colour and brightness as the sound changed.

Now you would expect most young people to be scared at this point with the strange lights and odd noises outside their bedroom window, but not George, he was absolutely fascinated and enthralled by them.

He got out of his bed and went to the window to see exactly what the lights were. As he opened the curtain he saw a wondrous sight of a myriad of tiny flying lights. George was transfixed and felt a sudden urge to open the window so he could get close to the lights.

As soon as he did this, all of the lights came into the room, as they entered the noise change from a siren like wail to a melodious singing that was even more beautiful than could be imagined.

When George look closely he could see that the lights were actually tiny little man made machines, This was not possible because when George was a boy there was nobody able to make something so small that could fly, and sing and flash.

The only explanation that George could come up with in his hypnotised state was that these were not made by people, they must have been made by something else, but what?
As George was pondering this he slipped further and further under the spell of the lights and sound until he no longer knew what he was doing. His unconscious body lay down on the floor as it fell asleep.

The next thing George remembered was being woken up by his grandmother to come down for breakfast, he had to spend the rest of the day working on the farm, feeding sheep, chickens and cleaning the sheds to keep the animals happy and contented.

As he stirred and started to wake he saw lots of tiny holes in the bedroom carpet, when he looked closer the holes weren’t holes at all, little tufts of carpet had been bent at the bottom and laid flat when George stepped back he could see beautifully intricate patters all over the floor. 
Just wished he had a camera to take a picture, when Gran hoovered they would be gone forever.


