Tina lived in Llanfairgymru, a little village on a hillside in North Wales, at the top of the hill that marked the highest point of the village there sat a TV tower, and under it was Tina’s little cottage, she had a fabulous reception when she wanted, but she preferred to knit or read unless she was watching the news, and she liked to look out over the river to The Wirral, when the sun shone she thought she was in the most beautiful place on earth.

Tina was a bit of recluse and she liked peace and quiet. She visited the village shop once a week, she’d have a chat with Agnes Monk, pick up a new book from the travelling library then go back home for nice cup of tea. Tina never really saw anybody else.

One day whilst reading her newest purchase she was disturbed by a strange noise. She heard a hollow thud.
She went outside to investigate. She checked the TV tower, she checked all of the doors and windows of her cottage, she checked all the way down to the village - she saw nothing out of the ordinary, and so went back to reading her book.

Exactly a week later she heard the same noise again, and by exactly a week, I mean exactly, it was 2:35 on Wednesday afternoon.
Again, Tina went outside, checked the tower, doors and windows, and the small track to the village. And again, there was nothing unusual.

The following week at the same time Tina went outside. She sat on her doorstep and waited.
Sure enough, at 25 to 3, there was the hollow thud again. Tina realised it wasn’t coming from anywhere close, it was coming from across the river. Tina peered out but could see nothing, she went into her cottage and found her binoculars. When she looked through them she saw a small mushroom cloud rising from one of the small towns. The smoke was bright yellow but really wispy.

Exactly the same thing happened the next week, and the next.

Tina bought a telescope and she trained it on the town over the river, she waited until the following Wednesday and she was not disappointed. 
As she watched she saw the puff of smoke, a minute later she heard the thud. She concentrated and focussed the scope on the source of the noise. There was a school, and there was lots of smoke coming from a window.
Through the window Tina could see frantic arm waving and what appeared to be a teacher giggling to herself as the classroom was evacuated.

Tina had found the source of the noise and she was happy.
 
The following day she went to the village shop as normal and picked up the paper. 
This week’s news came from the Wirral Globe, the headline on the front read “Gemma Griffin-Bowen Suspended From Local High School”, Apparently her repeated explosive tendencies were missed at interview.


