....It never stops raining?
This was the question that Mr. Steel’s class asked him after the second week of bad weather.
It was supposed to be the middle of summer but the temperature hadn’t got above 14 degrees since June.

“What do you think class?” He asked, “will we all float out to sea?”
The class was quiet for a little while. The tiny school was in a village one mile from the coast, floating into the sea could have been a real possibility.

Jimmy Wise put up his hand, he was just about to open his mouth when there was a crack of thunder and bright flash of light, they were now in the middle of a thunderstorm, and right on queue the heavens seemed to open a bit more. Mr. Steel looked out of the window, the rain was so heavy that he could see to the school gate. The school field had been out of bounds for 10 days, and the water had started running off the field in little rivers and gathering in deep puddles and ponds on the playground.

“Yes Jimmy” Mr. Steel said.
“I don’t think so, the school is made from bricks and they don’t float very well.”
“That’s true Jimmy, but they make ships out of metal and that does float very well until you make it the right shape, maybe this school is the right shape.”
“Nah.” Said Jimmy “It’s shaped like a brick.”

With the latest downpour all of the puddles were joining into one and there was a moat all around the school. The water started to run into the schools basement.
before long the basement was full, the electrics had gone off an hour ago and the school was already running on batteries.

All of the children were very excited, the lessons had stopped and the headmistress had been into Mr. Steel’s class and told them all that she would be calling their parents to collect them, “In the meantime just look out of the windows and watch the rain come down.”

Then the school moved, there was an audible creak and it actually moved with a jolt. Then it moved again, it started to lift up. The school was actually floating.

The headmistress came running back in, “We’re floating away.” She said, “I don’t know what to do, Mr. Steel, will you take charge please.”
“Aye aye Ms Beamer, Capt. Steel taking charge.” He reached into the dressing up cupboard and pulled out an old admirals hat, placed it on his head and then pressed a button under his desk.

The desk flipped over to reveal a ships wheel, Capt. Steel grabbed the wheel and spun it quickly to the right, “Hold on me hearties.” He said, sounding like a pirate.

The school lurched the the right and slowly but surely gathered speed toward the gate and ultimately the road down to the beach.

What ever they did now, they were floating out to sea.