Kevin Peaker was an astronomer that spent all night every night looking for new stuff in space, to him it was the best hobby ever, he had the biggest telescope set up in his lab all the time for when he was bored. 
Kevin was an inventor by day, and this didn’t leave much time for sleeping.  He had a twitch that caused his right eye to blink uncontrollably and he wore a dazed expression on his face all of the time.

Kevin had been inventing for a long time, he had a long list of inventions to his his name and some of them were even quiet useful. Like “porridge magic”, a thing that you put in a saucepan and it automatically stirred it to stop it sticking, and the “Sock Devil”, a device that stops socks getting separated in the washing machine.

He was currently finishing up his latest machine, a shrinking ray that would allow things that are really big to fit into a small space, and a second machine that turned them back to their original size.

He was in the process of testing them. He started with something basic, a football, he aimed the shrink ray at it, pushed a couple of buttons to focus the ray and then pulled the trigger.
A beam of blue light shot out from the nozzle in the end and hit the football, it shrunk to almost nothing in a bright flash and then rolled onto the floor.
Kevin got a pair of tweezers and picked up the football, and he promptly dropped it. he wasn’t expecting that the weight of the ball to be exactly the same as before.
Kevin made a mental note to make a weight reducing ray next.

Kevin pointed the normalising ray at the ball and pushed the trigger. It went make to normal size. This had worked perfectly.

Kevin then spent the rest of the day walking around his house and his workshop pointing the shrink ray at anything and everything, he had shrunk all of his furniture to miniature before he realised it had gone dark outside, he was hungry and he needed a sit down. Inventing was tiring work.

Kevin sat down on a box, and immediately nodded off, the shrink ray rolled off his lap and landed on the floor with a bump. The ray triggered and fired the shrinking beam straight at his telescope, it hit the dead centre of the eye piece, the beam then shot out of the front of the telescope, through the open window into space.
 
Kevin woke with a start as the sky lit up in a really bright flash, he looked around to see what had happened, he saw the ray pointing at the telescope, and realised almost immediately what had happened.

He looked through the eye piece. He was staring directly where the moon should have been. It had disappeared completely.

<b>TO BE CONTINUED....</b>