Barry Fingers was putting his son to bed, just as he was about to turn off the light Archie asked him a question.
“Where does the light go Dad?” 
“What? Why do you ask” Barry replied, he did this to give himself time to think. 
His son asked questions like this because it meant he wouldn’t have to go to sleep until his dad answered it. This time Archie thought that he had asked the perfect question, his dad would have no clue. 
“I don’t like the dark, I just wondered where the light went when you turned the switch off.”
Barry thought long and hard, he had no idea what the real answer was, and he was considering whether he should tell his son that or try and tell his son something that sounded plausible.
Archie knew this tactic, his dad had used it many times before.

Barry decided he could get away with it, and started to tell Archie his explanation.

“Well Archie, It’s like this” Started his dad. “It’s kinda an effect of gravity, but not the real gravity, I’m talking about the gravity of everything, the light just gets sucked into everything.”

“I’m not really buying that.” Archie grinned.

“What about this then... Light is fast. It is so fast that it travels at the speed of light. When the light crashes into something, it hits it so hard that it lights up what it hits and then it the light dies. When the light gets turned off there are no more crashes, so the things don’t get lit up.”

“What about mirrors?” Archie Said.

“Everything is like a sponge, light acts like water and is attracted to the spongyness except for mirrors, the light just bounces off them.”

“Nope.” Said Archie.

“Miniature Black holes?”

Archie shook his head. 

“Fairies then,” his dad said

Archie screwed up his face, Fairies were his sisters fantasy, not his.

“Flying Spaghetti Monster? Chuckie? Cthulhu? It just stops?””
Archie’s face was just a blank scare

Barry Scratched his head, “Last one, then the light goes off... Light is made up of things you can see, when the light is turned off you can still see them until they hit something. When they hit something they slow down and change into a different type of light that you can’t see. If you had a night vision camera you could see this type of light, but your eyes can’t.” Barry looked please with himself, that was the best one yet.

“That sounds like what you said earlier, and that was definitely a load of balony. Why don’t you just admit you have no idea?”

Barry turned out the light, “Love you son” he said.
“Love you dad, good night.” Archie rolled over and smiled, he had extended bedtime again.

And as the last photons turned to infrared, Barry did not realise how close he had come to getting Archies question right for the first time in ages.