“Call the vet Jess, Marcie smells bad.”

Marcie was a black and white diary cow, the kind that you see in most farmers fields.
She was a really good cow and made an awful lot of milk, but right at this moment she was also a very smelly cow, it seemed that whatever farmer Sam Snacklebrook (Jack’s brother) fed her she just turned it into a bad smell.

Jess was Sam’s farmhand, she had the brightest mop of red hair that you have ever seen, and wouldn’t be too easy to spot in a field full of highland coos. “I already did Sam.” She said in response to Sam’s first request. “He’s tied up with a heavily pregnant Sloth down at the zoo, they’re sending the new boy.”

“Ah Jeez.” Replied Sam, “Another vet we have to train.”

45 minutes after the call a rusty old car pulled up into the farmyard. It was the new vet. He jumped out of his car and bounded across the yard to where Jess, Sam and the cow were stood. “Mornin’, I’m Vince.” Said the vet, “What’s the problem with this bad boy then?”
“Firstly Vinnie, This bad boy is a girl, vet school must have taught you well!” Said Jess, as she wandered off in a huff.

Sam explained the issue with the smell and Vinnie quickly concluded that a big plug was the answer. “Have you got a cork?” He asked Sam, “Or a potato?”

“Potatoes I can do, my brothers a potato farmer, he has millions.” Sam handed Vince a King Edward and watched in horror as the vet shoved it in the cows bum.

Marcie mooed in shock, and then continued to eat hay from the basket in front of her.
“There ya go.” Said Vince, “All done. Call me tomorrow if she doesn’t improve.”
The next day Sam and Jess walked into the barn to check on the cow. The smell had gone and Marcie seemed happy enough, but she did seem to be a bit bigger, and her stomach was making some alien like gurgling noises.

Sam called the vet again and once more Vince turned up in his clapped out banger. She looks fine, I call back again in a couple of days and see how she’s doing.

Over the next couple of days Marcie seemed less and less comfortable, the noises that her belly was making got louder and more strange, and when Vince turned up he looked shocked.

“That’s worked better than I thought,” he said, “now let’s get that spud out.”

Vince got a corkscrew from his vet’s bag and screwed it carefully into the potato, as he turned it the cows belly sloshed from side to side like a balloon full of thick custard.

With a quick yank the potato came free and was followed by a torrent of runny cow manure. Marcie Mooed in surprise again as the vet was covered from head to toe in the smelliest poo ever.