“You’re tall” said Pedro.
“I’m a giraffe” replied Ralph.
“Me too, but you’re really tall”
“You’re not a giraffe”
“I am, I’m yellow and brown, just like you.”
“True, But you’re not a giraffe”
“I am, I have a long neck like you do” replied Pedro.
“Again, this is true, but you are not a Giraffe”
“I am, I have a really long tongue just like yours”
“I can’t argue with your logic” Ralph said, “but you are not a giraffe”
“Well what am I then?” Asked Pedro
“You’re a snake, You’re a yellow and brown, long necked snake.”
“I don’t think so.” Said Pedro
“It’s true, where are your legs?”
“Here.” Said Pedro, as he rolled over to show Ralph his really, really tiny legs.
“Oh, they’re really short.” Said Ralph, rather puzzled“I’m not sure they are legs at all”.
“I had an accident, they snapped off”
“Oh, but I still don’t think you are a giraffe, where is your tail?”
“Here.” Said Pedro as he rattled the end of his body.
“Ah, that makes you a rattle snake.” Said Ralph “So you are definitely not a Giraffe.”
“No, I’m a special species of Giraffe with a rattle for a tail. I’m a Girattelaffe”
Ralph stood there puzzled, he stared blankly at Pedro.
“And,” continued Pedro, “I have horns too, look”
Ralph bent his neck as far as he could to get a closer look, indeed there were two tiny lumps on top of Pedro’s head.
“There a bit small to be called horns.” Said Ralph.
“I told you, I had an accident.” Replied Pedro, looking a little sad.
“Tell me about this accident, what happened?” Asked Ralph, with genuine concern.
“Well, it’s like this..” started Pedro, “You’re a tall giraffe. You find it easy to get to the food at the top of the trees and bushes but I cannot reach in the same way that you can. I have to climb up the tree to get to the food I want. I lost my footing and fell from a really tall tree. My feet stuck in the sap on the tree and the rest of me fell to the ground. I landed on my head and the horns got pushed back in.”
Ralph looked really interested now, so Pedro continued.
“That was when I used to eat leaves, I loved leaves, before the accident” Pedro finished quietly as though he was missing his previous life.
“So you are a Giraffe then. I’m sorry I didn’t believe you, you are very different to me in appearance, what do you eat now?” Ralph came closer as he apologised.
It was then that Pedro bit him. He sunk his razor sharp fangs into Ralph’s leg and just held on until Ralph fell over.
“I feel funny” said Ralph.
“Yep, I poisoned you with my bite. And now I’m going to eat you all up.”
“Really, but you are a Giraffe.”
“Nah,” Said Pedro, “I was only joking.”